Inclusion Criteria:~* Participants may be included in the study only if they meet all of the following
criteria:~ 1. Men, and women of non-childbearing potential, 50-85 years of age inclusively, with a diagnosis of
mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease according to the 2011 NIA-AA criteria and at least a 6 month decline in
cognitive function documented in the medical record.~ 1. Non-childbearing potential for women is defined as
postmenopausal \[last natural menses greater than 24 months; in women under age 55, menopausal status will be
documented with serum follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) test\] or undergone a documented bilateral tubal
ligation or hysterectomy.~ 2. Male participants who are sexually active with a woman of child-bearing potential
must agree to use condoms during the trial and for 3 months after last dose unless the woman is using an
acceptable means of birth control. Acceptable forms of birth control include abstinence, birth control pills,
or any double combination of: intrauterine device (IUD), male or female condom, diaphragm, sponge, and cervical
cap.~ 2. Neuroimaging (MRI) obtained during screening consistent with the clinical diagnosis of Alzheimer's
disease and without findings of significant exclusionary abnormalities (see exclusion criteria, number 3).~ 3.
MMSE 18-26 inclusive~ 4. A positive amyloid (Pittsburgh imaging compound B) scan at screening, or history of a
positive amyloid scan prior to study entry, or prior lumbar puncture with a CSF Abeta concentration consistent
with Alzheimer's disease.~ 5. Formal education of eight or more years.~ 6. Must have a caregiver who sees them
at least 10 hours per week, oversees the administration of study drug, and is willing and able to oversee
administration of study medication and participate in all clinic visits and some study assessments. The
caregiver must provide written informed consent to participate in the study.~ 7. Living at home or in the
community (assisted living acceptable)~ 8. Able to swallow CT1812 capsules.~ 9. Stable pharmacological
treatment of any other chronic conditions for at least 30 days prior to screening.~ 10. Capable of providing
either written informed consent or oral assent to the study procedures and for use of protected health
information \[Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) Authorization, if applicable\]. If
the Participant can provide only assent, their legally authorized representative also must provide written
informed consent. Written informed consent also shall be obtained from the responsible caregiver. All consent
processes must be undertaken in the presence of a witness and prior to any study procedures.~ 11. Must consent
to apolipoprotein E (ApoE) genotyping.~ 12. Generally healthy with mobility (ambulatory or ambulatory-aided,
i.e., walker or cane), vision and hearing (hearing aid permissible) sufficient for compliance with testing
procedures.~ 13. Able to complete all screening evaluations.~
