Inclusion Criteria:~1. Subjects between 55 and 85 years old (inclusive) in good general health:~ 1. Willing and
able to consent and participate for the duration of the study~ 2. Have eighth-grade education or good work
history sufficient to exclude mental retardation~ 3. Have visual and auditory acuity adequate for
neuropsychological testing~ 4. Have proficient fluency of the native local language to participate in all the
neuropsychological test assessments~2. Have a study partner who has sufficient contact with the subject to be
able to provide assessment of memory changes, who can accompany the subject to all the clinic visits for the
duration of each visit, and who is able to provide an independent evaluation of the subject's functioning~3.
Have MCI due to AD as defined by all of the following criteria and consistent with the National Institute on
Aging-Alzheimer's Association criteria:~ 1. MMSE scores between 24 and 30 (inclusive; exceptions may be made
for subjects with <8 years of education at the discretion of the sponsor)~ 2. A memory complaint reported by
the subject or his/her study partner~ 3. Evidence of lower memory performance based on delayed recall in the
International Shopping List Test (ISLT)~ 4. A clinical dementia rating (CDR) score of 0.5 with a memory box
score of ≥0.5~ 5. Essentially preserved activities of daily living~ 6. Cognitive decline not primarily caused
by vascular, traumatic, or medical problems (alternative causes of cognitive decline are ruled out)~4.
Permitted medications:~ 1. With potential pro-cognitive effects, such as cholinesterase inhibitors and
memantine, must be at a stable dose for ≥3 months prior to screening and remain stable throughout the study;
estrogen replacement therapy, Ginkgo biloba, and vitamin E must be at a stable dose for ≥4 weeks prior to
screening and remain stable throughout the study~ 2. Other psychotropics, such as antidepressants and
antipsychotics, must be at a stable dose for ≥3 months prior to screening and remain stable throughout the
study~5. Willing and able to undergo imaging procedures:~ 1. A Positron Emission Tomography (PET) scan with
Florbetaben(an 18F isotope diagnostic agent) or documented evidence of an amyloid positive PET scan.~ The
Florbetaben scan performed at baseline must be read by a qualified physician with experience in reading amyloid
PET scans, and it should be consistent with the presence of amyloid plaques.~ 2. Repeated MRI scans (3 Tesla)
with no contraindications to MRI. MRI scan results are consistent with the diagnosis of amnestic MCI due to
Alzheimer's disease with no clinically significant findings of non-AD pathology that could account for the
observed cognitive impairment.~6. Willing to allow collection of blood for apolipoprotein E (ApoE) genotyping.~
