Inclusion Criteria:~1. Subjects must be diagnosed with probable AD in accordance with the National Institute on
Aging and Alzheimer's Association (NIA-AA) (2011) criteria.~2. Subjects must have a Mini-Mental State
Examination (MMSE) score of ≥15 and ≤26 at screening and baseline.~3. Subjects must have a brain magnetic
resonance imaging (MRI) scan that is consistent with a clinical diagnosis of probable AD.~4. Subjects should
not have received AÎ²-based or tau-based treatment for AD.~5. Subjects who were previously treated with Acetyl
cholinesterase inhibitor (AChEI) or memantine, must have been off of the therapy for at least 3 months prior to
baseline assessments. Subjects who have been taking AChEI or memantine for ≤7 days may be considered for
enrollment in this study.~6. For subjects who are currently receiving other non-excluded prescription or
over-the-counter medications that might affect cognitive function (eg, non-anticholinergic antidepressants,
atypical antipsychotics, non-benzodiazepine anxiolytics, soporifics, centrally acting anticholinergic
antihistamines, centrally acting anticholinergic antispasmodics):~ * Treatment must be at a stable dose for ≥1
month prior to randomization and throughout the duration of the study.~ * Treatment given intermittently and on
a short-term basis must not be administered within 5 half-lives prior to the screening of neurocognitive
assessments.~7. Subjects must be male or female between 50 years to 85 years of age (inclusive), at
screening.~8. Female subjects must be post-menopausal for at least 2 consecutive years or surgically sterile
(bilateral tubal ligation, hysterectomy, or bilateral oophorectomy) for at least 6 months prior to
screening.~9. Male subjects with partners of reproductive potential must agree to use a reliable means of
contraception (eg, minimum condom + spermicide) during the study and 30 days after discontinuing the study
drug.~10. Subjects must have a reliable caregiver with contact at least 3 times per week (combination of face
to face visits and telephone contact acceptable). The caregiver must be able to oversee the subject's
compliance with study drug and participate in the subject's clinical assessment, to provide meaningful input
into the NPI, ADCS-ADL, and CIBIC+.~11. Subjects (or subject's legally authorized representatives and their
caregivers) must be able to provide informed consent.~12. Subjects (and their caregivers) must be able to read,
write, speak, and understand English to ensure compliance with cognitive testing and study visit
procedures.~13. Subjects (and their caregivers) must be willing and able to comply with the protocol's
requirements.~14. Subjects must weigh between 45 kg and 90 kg (inclusive), at screening.~15. Subjects must be
in general good health in the opinion of the Investigator, based on medical history, physical examination,
vital signs, 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) in triplicate, and clinical laboratory values.~
