In order to be eligible for this study, subjects must meet the following inclusion criteria:~Inclusion
Criteria:~1. Male or female outpatients.~2. At least 50 years of age, but less than 90 (89 at time of
screening)~3. Females must be surgically sterile (bilateral tubal ligation, oophorectomy, or hysterectomy) or
postmenopausal for 2 years (no women at risk of pregnancy will be accepted in this study).~4. Must have been
diagnosed with amnestic MCI based on the most recent NIA-AA criteria (Albert et al., 2011), i.e. at both the
screening and baseline visits (visits 1 and 2) have a documented Mini Mental State Exam (MMSE) score between
22-28.~5. CT or MRI scan of the brain obtained during the course of the dementia must be consistent with the
diagnosis and show no evidence of significant focal lesions or of pathology which could contribute to dementia.
If neither a CT nor an MRI scan is available from the past 12 months, a CT scan fulfilling the requirements
must be obtained before randomization.~6. Vision and hearing must be sufficient to comply with study
procedures.~7. Be able to take oral medications.~8. Hachinski ischemic score must be ≤ 4.~9. Geriatric
depression scale must be ≤ 10.~10. Can be on stable doses of a cholinesterase inhibitor and/or memantine as
long as it is stable for at least 90 days before screening and is expected to remain on a stable dose for the
remainder of the study period; or have demonstrated intolerance to or lack of efficacy from these
medications.~11. Must have a collateral informant/study partner who has significant direct contact with the
patient at least 10 hours per week and who is willing to accompany the patient to specified clinic visits,
supervise administration of all study medication, and be available for telephone visits/interviews.~12. If the
patient has a legally authorized representative (LAR), the LAR must review and sign the informed consent form.
If the patient does not have an LAR, the patient must appear able to provide informed consent and must review
and sign the informed consent form. In addition, the patient's informant/study partner (as defined above) must
sign an informed consent form. If the LAR and the patient's informant /study partner is the same individual,
he/she should sign under both designations.~13. Must reside in the community.~14. Patients with stable prostate
cancer may be included at the discretion of the Medical Monitor.~15. Positivity for amyloid brain scan: Amyloid
PET positive at SUVr of 1.05~
