Inclusion Criteria:~1. Age range: Adult patients, 45 to 90 years of age inclusive.~2. Gender distribution: men
and women. Women of child-bearing potential (< 1 year post-menopausal) must be practicing effective
contraception and have a negative serum b-hCG at Screening.~3. Diagnosis: diagnostic evidence of probable
Alzheimer's Disease consistent with DSM-IV 290.00 or 290.10 and NINCDS ADRDA criteria. This evidence may be
compiled during Screening but must be fully documented in the patient's study file before the Baseline
visit.~4. Stable AriceptÂ® dose of 10 mg daily for ≥ 8 weeks.~5. Head image (CT or MRI): no evidence of focal
disease to account for dementia on any head image (CT or MRI) obtained within 12 months prior to Baseline. If
no such head image has been obtained prior to Screening, a head MRI will be obtained as part of the Screening
evaluation; this MRI will also be used for Baseline volumetric analysis. The Baseline MRI obtained for
volumetric analysis must also not show any evidence of focal disease to account for dementia.~6. Degree of
dementia: MMSE score of ≥ 15 and ≤ 26 at Screening and Baseline.~7. Race and ethnicity: any race and ethnic
group.~8. Health: generally healthy and ambulatory or ambulatory-aided (i.e., walker or cane). Corrected vision
and hearing sufficient for compliance with testing procedures.~9. Clinical laboratory values must be within
normal limits or, if abnormal, must be judged clinically insignificant by the Investigator.~10. Patients with
vitamin B12 deficiency who are on a stable dose of medication for at least 12 weeks prior to Screening and who
have normal serum vitamin B12 levels at Screening will be eligible. This stable dose of vitamin B12 must be
maintained throughout the study. Subjects who might otherwise have been eligible can be re-screened for Vitamin
B12 before Baseline.~11. Patients with hypothyroidism who are on a stable dose of medication for at least 12
weeks prior to Screening, have normal TSH and free T4 at screening, and are considered euthyroid will be
eligible. This stable dose must be maintained throughout the study.~12. Patients must have a caregiver who has
daily contact with the patient (e.g., an average of 10 or more hours per week), can observe for possible
adverse events, and can accompany the patient to all visits.~13. Patients must be sufficiently fluent in
English to be capable of reliably completing all study assessments.~
