Inclusion Criteria:~1. Ages 60 years and older at study entry~2. Both sexes~3. All ethnicities~4. Diagnosis of
amnestic mild cognitive impairment (aMCI) or early Alzheimer's disease (AD)~5. Elevated tau protein as
determined by CSF performed during screening. Evidence of elevated tau from previously available CSF samples
will also be allowed for eligibility determination.~6. FDA-approved medications for AD (e.g. donepezil,
rivastigmine, galantamine) are permitted as long as the participant has been maintained on a stable dose for at
least three months prior to study entry.~7. Labs: Normal blood cell counts, normal liver and renal function
without clinically significant excursions as determined by coordinating center Medical Monitor. Total
cholesterol <240 mg/dl, HbA1c ≤ 7%.~8. Prothrombin Time (PT)/Partial Thromboplastin Time (PTT)/International
Normalized Ratio (INR) within normal limits.~9. Participants must have the ability to provide written consent
or be accompanied by a Legally Authorized Representative designated to sign informed consent (if determined not
to have decision capacity).~10. Participants must have a study partner who agrees to participate throughout the
duration of the study. The study partner must have frequent and sufficient contact (approximately 10 hours per
week) with the participant and be able to provide accurate information regarding the participant's cognitive
and functional abilities.~11. Participants must have no travel plans that would interfere with scheduling
visits following consent over the 12 months of study duration.~12. Must speak English fluently and have at
least six years of formal education.~13. Participants must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 with the
primary vaccine series per CDC recommendations, with any dose of the vaccine received at least 30 days prior to
initiation of the study drug. COVID boosters are allowed during study intervention period when scheduled at
least four days before or after administration of the investigational product.~
