Inclusion Criteria:~1. Each subject must be ≥ 55 to ≤ 85 years of age at the screening visit.~2. Each subject
must have a diagnosis of probable AD dementia according to National Institute on Aging-Alzheimer's Association
(NIA-AA) criteria.~3. Each subject must have a Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) score ≥ 15 and ≤ 26 at the
screening visit.~4. Each subject must have a Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) scan performed during the
screening period that is consistent with a diagnosis of AD.~5. Each subject must have a positive amyloid
Positron Emission Tomography (PET) scan, either performed during the screening period, or previously performed
provided that the scan and result are considered acceptable by the investigator.~6. If the subject is receiving
a cholinesterase inhibitor (donepezil, rivastigmine, or galantamine) and/or memantine, the dose must have been
stable for at least 12 weeks before the screening visit, and the subject must be willing to remain on the same
dose for the duration of the trial.~7. Each subject must have a study partner who is reliable and competent.
The study partner must have a close relationship with the subject, have face to face contact at least 3
days/week for a minimum of 6 waking hours/week, and be willing to accompany the subject to all required study
visits.~8. Each subject must have no clinically significant abnormal laboratory test results \[complete blood
count (CBC), prothrombin time (PT)/international normalized ratio (INR), activated partial thromboplastin time
(APTT), comprehensive metabolic panel (CMP), thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH), and vitamin B12 level\] at the
screening visit.~9. Each subject must have results of a physical and neurological examination and vital signs
within normal limits or clinically acceptable to the investigator at the screening visit.~10. If female, the
subject must be postmenopausal defined as: No menses for 12 or more months without an alternative medical cause
OR permanently surgically sterile (bilateral oophorectomy, bilateral salpingectomy, or hysterectomy).~
