Inclusion Criteria:~1. Age 50 to 80 years old (including 50 and 80 years old), male or female;~2. Meet the
diagnostic criteria of likely ad dementia of the National Institute on aging Alzheimer's disease association
(NIA-AA) (2011);~3. The subjects are primary school graduates / graduates and above, and have the ability to
complete the cognitive ability test and other tests specified in the program;~4. Memory loss lasted for at
least 6 months and tended to worsen gradually;~5. Subjects with mild or moderate illness: 11 ≤ total score of
MMSE ≤ 26;~6. Total score of Clinical Dementia Rating Scale (CDR):~ Mild dementia: CDR = 1.0; Moderate
dementia: CDR = 2.0;~7. The total score of HIS ≤ 4;~8. The total score of Hamilton Depression Scale (HAMD 17
item version) is ≤ 10;~9. If the subject is currently receiving an approved AD treatment, such as
acetylcholinesterase inhibitors (AChEI) and/or memantine, they must have been using a stable dose for at least
4 weeks prior to baseline and maintain a stable dose throughout the study;~10. There was no obvious positive
sign in nervous system examination;~11. Coronal scanning of head MRI in screening stage: the MTA grade of
medial temporal lobe atrophy visual assessment scale is grade 1-2. If the subject can provide the head MRI film
that meets the requirements within 3 month before screening, it can be used as the basis for enrollment without
repeated shooting; If the researcher cannot judge whether the subject's condition has changed, the coronal MRI
scan of the head before enrollment can be added;~12. The subjects should have stable and reliable caregivers,
who will take care of them at least 3 days a week and at least 4 hours a day. The caregivers will accompany the
subjects to participate in the whole process of the study. Caregivers must accompany the subjects to the study
visit and assist the investigator in completing the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI), Alzheimer's Disease
Collaborative Study-Ability of Daily Living Scale (ADCS-ADL), and Clinician Interview Based Impression of
Severity (CIBIC -plus), and other scale scores;~13. Agree to participate and sign the informed consent form by
the legal guardian. Due to the subject's limited cognitive ability and other reasons, the subject's signature
is allowed to be left blank, and the reason is explained. In addition, the legal guardian shall sign the reason
statement, and the legal guardian shall sign the informed consent.~
