Inclusion Criteria:~Potential study subjects must satisfy the following criteria to be randomized in the
study:~1. Age ≥60 and ≤85 years with no restrictions on gender, race, or ethnicity.~2. Able and willing to give
informed consent and adhere to study requirements, including testing for cognitive and functional abilities.~3.
Confirmation of AD at Screening based either on a positive amyloid PET obtained at Screening or based on
historical positive amyloid PET taken within 6 months prior to the screening visit consistent with AD. If
historical amyloid PET imaging is used for inclusion~ 1. there should be no clinically significant change in
the subject's symptoms and cognitive abilities within the 6 months prior to Screening.~ 2. The quality and
accuracy of the historical positive amyloid PET needs to be confirmed by the central imaging center~4. Willing
and able to have amyloid PET taken at Screening (if no historical adequate amyloid PET within 6 months of
Screening is available) to confirm AD and at Week 31 and Week 143 as a potential efficacy measure.~5. Willing
and able to have magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) taken at Screening, at 1 year (Week 55) and 2 years (Week
101) after the 3rd dose, and at 1 year after the 10th dose (Week 143/EOS) as potential safety measures.~6.
Males (non-vasectomized and vasectomized) must agree to use barrier contraception during the study until 30
days after the last dose of the study investigational treatment.~7. Females must meet one the of the following
criteria:~ a. Either is of childbearing potential and agrees to use an acceptable contraceptive method.
Acceptable contraceptive methods include:~ i. Abstinence from heterosexual intercourse from the Screening visit
through to at least 30 days after the last dose of the study investigational treatment~ ii. One of the
following highly-effective contraceptive methods, used from at least 28 days prior to the Screening visit
through to at least 30 days after the last dose of the study investigational treatment:~ * Systemic
contraceptive (combined birth control pills, injectable/implant/insertable hormonal birth control products, or
transdermal patch)~ * Intrauterine device (with or without hormones)~ * Male condom used with male partner
vasectomized at least 6 months prior to the Screening visit~ iii. One of the following double-barrier
contraceptive methods, used from the Screening visit through to at least 30 days after the last dose of the
study investigational treatment:~ * Male condom used simultaneously with diaphragm plus spermicide~ * Male
condom used simultaneously with cervical cap plus spermicide~ Or~ b. Is of non-childbearing potential, defined
as surgically sterile (ie, has undergone complete hysterectomy, bilateral oophorectomy, or tubal ligation), or
is in a postmenopausal state (ie, at least 1 year without menses, not attributable to another cause, prior to
the Screening visit)~8. In the event that the subject requires a study partner, he/she must be reliable and
will provide written informed consent to participate and be in frequent contact with the participant. The study
partner must be familiar with the subject's overall function and behavior, such as day-to-day activities and
cognitive abilities.~9. Able to speak, read, and write (for cognitive testing).~10. Clinical diagnosis of
probable or possible AD based on National Institute on Aging - Alzheimer's Association (NIA-AA) criteria by a
qualified clinician.~11. Clinical diagnosis of at least mild dementia according to the CDR Global Score of 0.5
to 2 at screening and Baseline~12. Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) score of 14 - 26 and ADAS-cog11 score
greater than 12 at screening and Baseline.~13. Willing and able to undergo leukapheresis as needed.~14. Consent
to undergo d HLA geno-typing and PaxGene RNA.~
