Inclusion Criteria:~1. Male or female aged 55 to 89 years (inclusive), in good health, no frailty.~2. Female
participants must be post-menopausal for at least 2 consecutive years or surgically sterile (bilateral tubal
ligation, hysterectomy or bilateral oophorectomy) for at least 6 months prior to screening.~3. Female
participants will be given a urine pregnancy test at the screening visit for which they should test
negative.~4. Clinical profile consistent with MCI or mild AD, consistent with the core clinical criteria
outlined in the NIA-AA Guidelines (2011).~5. MMSE score between 17 and 30 (inclusive).~6. CDR global score of
0.5 with a memory score of 0.5 or greater, or CDR global score of 1.0.~7. Participant likely to tolerate all
study procedures per PI judgment.~8. To qualify for entry, subjects will have a CSF Abeta42-Abeta40 ratio below
0.131 that is consistent with Alzheimers disease as measured via mass spectrometry by C2N.~9. General cognition
and functional performance sufficiently preserved that the subject can provide written informed consent.~10. A
minimum of 6 years of education or good work history.~11. Study partner is available who has frequent contact
with the subject (e.g., average of 10 hours per week or more), and can accompany the subject to most visits to
answer questions about the subject. The study partner is required to attend the entire screening visit and the
baseline visit. The study drug is dispensed to the participant at the baseline visit and the study partner (or
other individual) should also oversee study drug administration if needed to ensure compliance with dose
regimen. At a minimum, the study partner should stay for the first 3 hours of the confinement visit and return
at the discharge to drive the subject home.~12. No evidence of current suicidal ideation or previous suicide
attempt in the past month as evaluated in the Columbia Suicide Severity Rating Scale.~13. MRI scan within the
12 months prior to screening without evidence of infection, infarction, or other focal lesions and without
clinical symptoms suggestive of intervening neurological disease. Lacunes that are not believed to contribute
to the subjects cognitive impairment are permissible. If there is no MRI available within a 12-month timeframe,
then an MRI must be performed as part of the screening procedures for eligibility.~14. Stability of permitted
medications for 4 weeks prior to baseline. NOTE: Cholinesterase inhibitors and or memantine are allowable only
if stable for 12 weeks prior to screen. If taking Arciept (donezepil), no more than 10 mg/day is permitted
during the course of the study.~15. Adequate visual and hearing ability (physical ability to perform all the
study assessments).~16. Good general health with no disease expected to interfere with the study. Subjects may
have common age-related disorders (i.e., hypertension, type II diabetes, dyslipidemia, and hypothyroidism) as
long as these disorders are being controlled by diet or medication.~17. Must speak English, Spanish, or Korean
fluently.~
