Inclusion Criteria for Participants:~1. Written informed consent from the participant (if possible) or from the
participant's legal guardian or other representative at the time of the Baseline visit, prior to beginning any
assessments or activities.~2. Completion of study E2020-G000-326 (NCT00478205) without ongoing SAEs or history
of serious adverse drug reactions during study E2020-G000-326 (NCT00478205).~3. Participant must enroll in the
present study within 3 days of completion of study E2020-G000-326 (NCT00478205).~4. Health: physically healthy
and ambulatory or ambulatory-aided (that is, walker or cane); corrected vision and hearing sufficient for
compliance with testing procedures.~5. Co-morbid medical conditions must be well-controlled as determined by
the investigator.~6. Participants undergoing treatment with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) may
be included, provided that doses are within the approved dose range as specified in the Physician's Desk
Reference or local equivalent~7. Concomitant Medications: Participants undergoing treatment with the following
medications may be enrolled in the study provided the following conditions are met: chronic daily
benzodiazepine use if doses are stable within an approved dose range; bronchodilator medications for treatment
of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) as long as drug is administered via metered dose inhaler within
approved dose range; memantine if taken at doses of 20 mg/day or less, provided that the dose is stable.~8. The
participants must have a relative/caregiver who supervises the regular taking of the drug at the correct dose
and is alert for possible side effects, unless the participant's legal guardian takes on this task.~Inclusion
Criteria for Caregivers. Written informed consent will be obtained from the designated caregiver for
participation in study assessments. The caregiver must be sufficiently familiar with the participant (as
determined by the investigator) to provide accurate data. Specifically, the caregiver must have sufficient
contact with the participant to provide accurate reports of the participant's functioning, must be able to
observe for possible adverse events, and must be able to accompany the participant to all visits. It is
preferable that the caregiver be the same as in study E2020-G000-326 (NCT00478205). If no replacement caregiver
is available who meets the caregiver inclusion/exclusion criteria, the participant must be discontinued from
the study.~
