Inclusion Criteria:~1. Age 50 to 85 years old (including 50 and 85 years old), male or female;~2. Meet the
diagnostic criteria of likely ad dementia of the National Institute on aging Alzheimer's disease association
(NIA-AA) (2011);~3. The subjects are primary school graduates / graduates and above, and have the ability to
complete the cognitive ability test and other tests specified in the program;~4. Memory loss lasted for at
least 6 months and tended to worsen gradually;~5. Subjects with mild or moderate illness: 11 ≤ MMSE ≤ 26;~6.
Total score of Clinical Dementia Rating Scale (CDR):~ Mild dementia: CDR = 1.0; Moderate dementia: CDR =
2.0;~7. The total score of Hachinski scale(HIS) ≤ 4;~8. The total score of Hamilton Depression Scale (HAMD 17
item version) is ≤ 10;~9. There was no obvious positive sign in nervous system examination;~10. Coronal
scanning of head MRI in screening stage: the MTA grade of medial temporal lobe atrophy visual assessment scale
is grade 2 or higher, and the signal changes of T2 FLAIR sequence in coronal position of hippocampus. If the
subject can provide the head MRI film that meets the requirements within 1 month before screening, it can be
used as the basis for enrollment without repeated shooting; If the researcher cannot judge whether the
subject's condition has changed, the coronal MRI scan of the head before enrollment can be added;~11. The
subjects should have stable and reliable caregivers, who will take care of them at least 3 days a week and at
least 2 hours a day. The caregivers will accompany the subjects to participate in the whole process of the
study. Caregivers must accompany the subjects to the study visit and assist the investigator in completing the
Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI), Alzheimer's Disease Collaborative Study-Ability of Daily Living Scale
(ADCS-ADL), and Clinician Interview Based Impression of Severity (CIBIC -plus), and other scale scores;~12.
Agree to participate and sign the informed consent form by the legal guardian. Due to the subject's limited
cognitive ability and other reasons, the subject's signature is allowed to be left blank, and the reason is
explained. In addition, the legal guardian shall sign the reason statement, and the legal guardian shall sign
the informed consent;~13. Meet the criteria the traditional Chinese medicine of AD which is characterized by
the syndrome of insufficient sea of marrow/cerebral collateral stasis. According to the Dementia Syndrome
Classification Scale (SDSD), one of the syndromes of insufficient sea of marrow/cerebral collateral stasis can
be met.~
