Inclusion Criteria:~1. Male or female participants 55 to 85 years of age (both inclusive) at the time of
signing the informed consent.~2. Diagnosis of probable AD based on NINCDS-ADRDA criteria (a and b) as
determined by a neurologist, geriatrician, psychiatrist, or clinician approved by the Sponsor or designee.~ a.
Presence of an early and significant episodic memory impairment that includes the following features: i.
Gradual and progressive change in memory function reported by patients or informants over >6months.~ ii.
Objective evidence of significantly impaired episodic memory on testing: this generally consists of recall
deficit that does not improve significantly or does not normalize with cueing or recognition testing and after
effective encoding of information has been previously controlled.~ iii. The episodic memory impairment can be
isolated or associated with other cognitive changes at the onset of AD or as AD advances.~ b. One or more
findings for probable AD by either MRI, AÎ² PET scan, historical CSF results, or a historical genetic test in
the 2 years before screening, or an MRI or AÎ² PET scan at screening. The MRI must have findings consistent
with AD and without any other disease that may cause dementia. The AÎ² PET scan and historical CSF results must
be consistent with the presence of amyloid pathology.~3. Mild or moderate dementia as evidenced by MMSE score
≥13 to ≤24 at screening (Visit 1).~4. Not applicable.~5. Not applicable.~6. If receiving an approved medication
for AD (ie, donepezil, galantamine, rivastigmine, memantine, or memantine/donepezil combination product), must
be on the medication with a stable dose for at least 12 weeks before the screening visit (dosing should remain
stable throughout the study).~7. If receiving an OTC supplement for cognition (eg, gingko biloba, omega-3
polyunsaturated fatty acid, vitamin E, curcumin), must not be exceeding the recommended dose for at least 12
weeks prior to screening visit.~8. Able to visit the study center and undergo cognitive, functional, and other
tests specified in the protocol.~9. Has a caregiver who:~ * Agrees to accompany the participant to all study
visits and able to supervise the participant's compliance with the study procedures and provide detailed
information about the participant.~ * Either lives with the participant or sees the participant on average for
≥1 hour/day ≥3 days/week, or in the Investigator's opinion, the extent of contact is sufficient to provide
meaningful assessment of changes in participant behavior and function over time and provide information on
safety and tolerability.~ * Is able to read, understand, and speak the designated language at the study
center.~ * Caregiver must be cognitively able to fulfill the requirements of the study.~10. A male participant
must agree to use a highly effective contraception method as detailed in Appendix 3 during the treatment period
and for at least 3 months after the last dose of study treatment and refrain from donating sperm during this
period.~11. A female participant is eligible to participate if she is not pregnant, not breastfeeding, and at
least one of the following conditions applies:~ * Not a woman of childbearing potential as defined in Protocol
Appendix 3. OR~ * A WOCBP who agrees to use a highly effective contraception method as detailed in Appendix 3
during the treatment period and for at least 3 months after the last dose of study treatment.~12. A WOCBP must
have a negative serum pregnancy test (beta-human chorionic gonadotropin \[Î²-hCG\]) at screening (Visit 1) and
a negative urine pregnancy test at Visit 2 before randomization, and must use medically accepted means of
contraception throughout the study.~13. Written informed consent provided by participant (or legal
representative) and caregiver prior to any study-specific procedures.~14. Participants in France must belong to
a social security scheme.~
