Inclusion Criteria:~1. Aged 50-85 years (inclusive), no gender limitation;~2. Female subjects should be
postmenopausal women (menopause >24 weeks), surgically sterilized women or women of child bearing age who agree
to take effective contraceptive measures during the trial. Women of child bearing age and women less than 24
weeks from menopause must undergo urine pregnancy test in screening period and result must be negative;~3.
Subjects have received education in primary school and above and are able to complete protocol specified
cognitive ability test and other tests;~4. Impaired memory for at least 12 months, with a tendency of
progressive aggravation;~5. Meet diagnostic criteria of probable AD according to National Institute of
Neurological and Communicative Disorders and Stroke and the Alzheimer's Disease and Related Disorders
Association (NINCDS-ADRDA) (1984);~6. Patients with mild to moderate disease, i.e. 11 ≤total MMSE score ≤26
(for subjects with primary school education, 11 ≤total MMSE score ≤22);~7. Total Hachinski Ischemia Scale (HIS)
score ≤4 ;~8. Total Hamilton Depression Scale/17-item (HAMD) score ≤10;~9. In screening, cranial MRI plain scan
and oblique coronal hippocampus scan must be performed, lacunar infarction lesions with a diameter larger than
2 cm ≤2, without lacunar infarction lesion in vital sites, such as thalamus, hippocampus, entorhinal cortex,
paraolfactory cortex, cortex and other subcortical gray matter nuclei; MRI shows highest possibility of
Alzheimer's disease (medial temporal lobe atrophy visual rating scale MTA grade ≥2);~10. Neurological
examination shows no significant sign;~11. Subjects should have stable, reliable caregivers, or at least have
frequent contact with caregivers (at least 4 days every week, at least 2 h every day), and caregivers will help
patients in participation in this study. Caregivers must accompany subjects to participate in study visits and
have sufficient interaction and communication with subjects, so as to provide valuable information on NPI,
ADCS-ADL, CIBIC-plus scales.~12. Before implementation of any protocol related procedure or examination,
subjects must sign the written informed consent form. If subjects can not sign due to limited cognition, legal
guardians should sign on behalf of subjects and meanwhile, legal guardians should also sign the informed
consent form.~
