Exclusion Criteria:~1. History of stroke~2. Evidence of a clinically relevant neurological disorder other than
the disease being studied (i.e., prodromal AD)~3. History of seizures or epilepsy within the last 5 years~4.
Evidence of a clinically relevant or unstable psychiatric disorder, excluding major depression in remission~5.
Participant is at imminent risk of self-harm or of harm to others~6. History of alcoholism or drug
dependency/abuse within the last 5 years before Screening~7. Participant does not have a magnetic resonance
imaging (MRI) scan obtained within 12 months of Screening and is unwilling or not eligible to undergo an MRI
scan at the Screening Visit. With Sponsor approval, a head computed tomography (CT) scan may be substituted for
MRI scan to evaluate eligibility~8. History of hepatitis or liver disease that has been active within the 6
months prior to Screening~9. Recent or ongoing, uncontrolled, clinically significant medical condition within 3
months of Screening~10. History of malignancy occurring within the 5 years before Screening, except for
adequately treated basal cell or squamous cell skin cancer, in situ cervical cancer, or localized prostate
carcinoma~11. Clinically significant vitamin B12 or folate deficiency in the 6 months before Screening~12. Use
of any investigational drugs or participation in clinical trials within the 30 days before Screening~13.
History of a hypersensitivity reaction to more than three drugs~14. Has human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) by
medical history~15. Participant is unwilling or has a contraindication to undergo PET scanning including but
not limited to claustrophobia, excessive weight or girth~16. History or current evidence of long QT syndrome,
corrected QT (QTc) interval ≥470 milliseconds (for male participants) or ≥480 milliseconds (for female
participants), or torsades de pointes~17. Close family member (including the trial partner, spouse or children)
who is among the personnel of the investigational or sponsor staff directly involved with this trial~Exclusion
Criteria for Extension Period (Part 2):~1. Participant is at imminent risk of self-harm or of harm to others~2.
Has developed a recent or ongoing, uncontrolled, clinically significant medical or psychiatric condition~3.
Results of safety assessments (e.g., laboratory tests) performed in participant at end of Part 1 that are
clinically unacceptable to the Investigator~4. Has developed a form of dementia that is not AD~5. Has
progressed to dementia due to AD per investigator diagnosis in the initial 104-week study (Part 1).~Exclusion
Criteria for NFT PET Substudy (Part 2):~1. Had one or two PET scans with MK-6240 in the initial 104-week study.
