Exclusion Criteria:~1. Clinically significant abnormalities in vital signs (blood pressure, heart rate,
respiration rate and oral temperature), as determined by the investigator.~2. Clinically significant abnormal
haematology, biochemistry and urine examination values, specifically abnormal liver and renal function and
Vitamin B12 levels below lower threshold since these parameters may impact cognitive function, as determined by
the investigator.~3. Has had a significant systematic illness or infection within the past 4 weeks prior to
randomisation, as determined by the investigator.~4. Clinically significant neurological disease other than AD,
such as (but not limited to) Parkinson's disease, multi-infarct dementia, Huntington's disease, normal pressure
hydrocephalus, brain tumour, progressive supranuclear palsy, seizure disorder, subdural haematoma, multiple
sclerosis or a history of significant head trauma followed by persistent neurologic defaults or known
structural brain abnormalities.~5. Subjects with clinical evidence of peripheral neuropathy or historical
evidence of clinically significant nerve conduction abnormalities.~6. Has had a stroke within the year prior to
randomisation, as determined by the investigator.~7. Has a lifetime diagnosis of a major psychiatric disorder
(other than dementia), based on the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 4th Edition
criteria. This includes but is not limited to schizophrenia, schizoaffective disorder, bipolar affective
disorder, alcohol dependence syndrome or major depressive disorder.~8. Has a history of disease directly
related to the hypothalamus, the pituitary and/or the adrenal glands which affect the
hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis function.~9. Has uncontrolled clinical conditions relating to glucose and
lipid metabolism.~10. Clinically significant electrocardiogram (ECG) abnormalities, including Corrected QT
interval (QTc) > 450 ms, following ECG tracings at Screening.~11. Use of any prohibited medication as detailed
in the study protocol.~12. Participation in another clinical study of an investigational drug or device whereby
the last investigational drug/device administration is within 60 days of Screening.~13. Inability to
communicate well with the investigator (i.e. language problem, non-fluent English \[as scales will be provided
in English only\], poor mental development or impaired cerebral function).~14. Subject will undergo the tests,
Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scales (ADAS)-Cog v14, CDR-Sum of Boxes (SOB), MMSE, Neuropsychological Test
Battery (NTB; executive domain) and RAVLT at the indicated time-points to avoid uncontrolled learning effects.
Subjects who need to perform these tests externally to and in parallel with this study will be excluded.~15.
Subject has ingested any food or drink containing grapefruit, Seville oranges, star fruit or derived products
(e.g. fruit juice), for at least 3 days prior to the first administration of study drug.
