Exclusion Criteria:~1. The subject has a Rosen-modified Hachinski Ischemia Score > 4 at the screening visit.~2.
The subject has a known history of stroke or evidence from screening MRI that is clinically significant in the
investigator's opinion.~3. The subject has evidence of a clinically relevant neurological disorder other than
probable AD at the screening visit, including: vascular dementia, Parkinson's disease, dementia with Lewy
bodies, frontotemporal dementia, progressive supranuclear palsy, corticobasal degeneration, amyotrophic lateral
sclerosis, Huntington's disease, multiple sclerosis, mental retardation, hypoxic cerebral damage, or head
trauma with loss of consciousness that led to persistent cognitive deficits.~4. The subject has evidence of a
clinically relevant or unstable psychiatric disorder, based on DSM-5 criteria, including schizophrenia or other
psychotic disorder, bipolar disorder, delirium, or major depression. (Major depression in remission is not
exclusionary.) A score on the 15-item Geriatric Depression Scale (GDS) of 5 or more requires an assessment by
an appropriate health care professional to evaluate for the presence of major depression. Subjects with a score
of 5 or more who are not diagnosed with major depression following such an assessment may be included in the
trial.~5. The subject has a history of alcoholism or drug dependency/abuse within the last 5 years before
screening.~6. The subject has been treated with any investigational product within 60 days or 5 half-lives
(whichever is longer) prior to the screening visit.~7. The subject has been treated with anti-amyloid-beta or
anti-tau protein monoclonal antibodies within one year prior to the screening visit.~8. The subject has been
treated with an active vaccine targeting amyloid-beta or tau protein.~9. The subject has received a
live/live-attenuated bacterial or viral vaccine within 3 months prior to the screening visit.~10. The subject
has been treated with immunosuppressive medications, such as azathioprine, cyclosporine, methotrexate,
tacrolimus, or mycophenylate, within 2 months prior to the screening visit.~11. The subject has been treated
with a course of corticosteroids longer than 5 days within 2 months prior to the screening visit.~12. The
subject is taking or is anticipated to require treatment with estrogens.~13. The subject is taking or is
anticipated to require treatment with an anticoagulant medication, including warfarin, dabigatran, rivaroxaban,
apixaban, edoxaban, heparin, or enoxaparin.~14. The subject is taking or is anticipated to require treatment
with aspirin at a dose higher than 325 mg daily.~15. The subject has a history of asthma or chronic obstructive
pulmonary disease.~16. The subject has had a myocardial infarction, unstable angina, stroke, transient ischemic
attack or required intervention for any of these conditions (e.g., coronary artery bypass graft, percutaneous
coronary intervention via cardiac catheterization, thrombolytic therapy) within 6 months prior to the screening
visit.~17. The subject has had an infection requiring medical intervention within 30 days prior to the
screening visit.~18. The subject has serologic evidence of current or prior hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection
based on hepatitis B surface antigen or hepatitis core antibody blood tests at the screening visit.~19. The
subject has serologic evidence of hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection based on hepatitis C antibody blood test at
the screening visit.~20. The subject has serologic evidence of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection
based on HIV antigen/antibody test at the screening visit.~21. The subject has a platelet count less than
50,000 per microliter (mL) at the screening visit.~22. The subject has a creatinine clearance less than 30
mL/minute at the screening visit.~23. The subject has a history or evidence of a malignancy (except for
adequately treated basal cell or squamous cell skin cancer, in situ cervical cancer, or localized prostate
carcinoma) within the 2 years prior to the screening visit.~24. The subject has had any other
unstable/uncontrolled medical illness within 12 weeks prior to the screening visit such that, in the judgment
of the investigator, participation in the trial would pose a significant medical risk to the subject.~25. The
subject has significant visual or auditory impairment, or limited English proficiency, that in the
investigator's opinion would preclude collection of outcome measures.~26. The subject has any contraindication
to or inability to tolerate brain MRIs (e.g., a pacemaker or any other implanted device or condition that would
preclude proximity to a strong magnetic field).~27. The subject has any contraindication to or inability to
tolerate a PET scan (includes current or recent participation in any procedures involving radioactive agents
such that the total radiation dose exposure to the subject in any given year would exceed acceptable limits of
annual and total dose).~28. The subject has a history of allergy to dexamethasone, diphenhydramine,
acetaminophen, montelukast, or acyclovir.
