Exclusion~1. Inability to comply with visit schedule or other protocol requirements.~2. Have participated in an
investigational drug or device study within 30 days of the Baseline Visit. If previous investigational drug was
a monoclonal antibody, antibody-drug conjugate, or similar protein therapeutic, 180 days or 5 half-lives,
whichever occurs first.~3. Have a known allergy to any ingredient in the study drug formulation.~4. Have a body
weight greater than 125 kg.~5. Are a suicide risk, as determined by meeting any of the following criteria:~ 1.
Suicide attempt within one year prior to the Baseline Visit.~ 2. Suicidal ideation as defined by a positive
response to question 4 and 5 on the C-SSRS within 60 days of the Baseline Visit.~6. Have a history of substance
abuse (based on DSMIV criteria) within the past 12 months prior to Screening.~7. Significant acute or chronic
infection at Screening including, among others: Known history of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) or known
acquired immunodeficiency syndrome. Hepatitis B virus (HBV) or hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection (defined as,
HBV surface antigen positive or positive HCV antibody with reflex to positive HCV RNA) at Screening.~8. Have
clinically significant laboratory or ECG abnormalities at Screening in the opinion of the Investigator.~9. Have
clinically relevant hematologic, hepatic, cardiac, or renal disease.~10. Have a clinically significant medical,
surgical, laboratory, or behavioral abnormality which in the judgment of the Investigator makes the participant
unsuitable for the study, as well as anyone with a history of malignancy of any type within 2 years of
Screening. Persons with a history of surgically excised non-melanoma skin cancers, superficial bladder or
prostate cancer are permitted.~11. Participants who have a diagnosis of a neurological condition causing
cognitive impairment other than sporadic mild dementia due to AD (e.g., Lewy body disease or frontotemporal
dementia), a primary psychiatric diagnosis (e.g., Cognitive Impairment due to Schizophrenia, CIAS), history of
frequent concussions or significant findings on brain MRI at screening inconsistent with AD (e.g.,
cerebrovascular disease or tumor).~12. Have any of the following conditions (which would exclude MRI or PET
participation):~ 1. Participants deemed unable to cooperate due to claustrophobia, inability to lie on scanner
bed for 45 minutes, or inability to achieve venous access sufficient for tracer or pepinemab administration.~
2. An implant/device/condition that is contraindicated for MRI (e.g., pacemaker, severe claustrophobia,
prosthetic heart valve, any metal fragments in the eyes or body--in some cases, an X-ray may be needed before
an MRI scan, to ensure it is safe to enter the scanner).~ 3. Body habitus that would impede completion of
imaging scans.~13. Has an MRI scan obtained at Screening that shows evidence of a neurological disorder other
than early AD or > 4 cerebral microhemorrhages (regardless of their anatomical location or diagnostic
characterization as possible or definite), a single area of superficial siderosis,~14. Any other clinically
significant finding on MRI (e.g., any lesion that may account for their cognitive impairment, including but not
limited to brain tumor, severe white matter disease arteriovenous malformation, cavernous hemangioma, or any
infarct in a strategic cortical or subcortical location).~15. Are undergoing FDG-PET and have received
research-related radiation exposure that exceeds institutional guidelines in the prior year if applicable.~16.
Are undergoing a LP for CSF collection and have any of the following conditions: uncorrected bleeding or
clotting disorders, skin infections near the site of the LP, suspicion of increased intracranial pressure,
allergies to numbing medications (local anesthetics), acute spinal trauma.~17. Are undergoing a LP for CSF
collection and taking any of the following types of anticoagulants: coumarins and indandiones, Factor Xa
inhibitors, heparins, or thrombin inhibitors.~18. Has received treatment with any FDA accelerated approval
therapy for treatment of Alzheimer's Disease~19. Has a Screening MRI that shows Amyloid-related imaging
abnormalities edema (ARIA-E)
