Exclusion Criteria:~1. Has a history of a psychiatric disorder such as schizophrenia, bipolar disorder or major
depression according to the criteria of the most current version of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of
Mental Disorders (DSM). Mild depression or history of depression that is stable on treatment with a tricyclic
antidepressant SSRI or SNRI medication at a stable dose is acceptable.~2. Other neurodegenerative diseases,
including Parkinsons disease and Huntingtons disease, or cerebral tumor.~3. Dementia other than AD, such as
Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome (AIDS), Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (CJD), Lewy Bodies dementia (LBD),
Cerebrovascular dementia (CVD), Progressive Supranuclear Palsy (PSP), or normal pressure hydrocephalus
(NPH).~4. History of a seizure disorder.~5. Clinically significant abnormalities in screening laboratory or ECG
results.~6. Has current serious or unstable illness including cardiovascular, hepatic, renal,
gastroenterologic, respiratory, endocrinologic, neurologic, psychiatric, immunologic, or hematologic disease or
other conditions that, in the investigators opinion, makes them ineligible for participation in this study.~7.
Has four or more microinfarcts as noted in the MRI scan.~8. Has cancer or has had a malignant tumor within the
past 3 years, except patients who underwent potentially curative therapy with no evidence of recurrence.
(Patients with stable untreated prostate cancer or skin cancers are not excluded).~9. According to the criteria
of the most current version of the DSM, alcohol abuse, alcohol dependence, or drug abuse in the past 5
years.~10. Participation in another clinical trial with an investigational agent and have taken at least one
dose of study medication, unless unblinded on placebo, within 16 weeks prior to screening. (The end of a
previous investigational trial is the date the last dose of an investigational agent was taken).~11. Resides in
a skilled nursing facility.~12. Subjects with infection or inflammation of the skin or skin disease at or in
proximity to the lumbar puncture site.~13. History of lumbar spine surgery or chronic low back pain (CLBP).~14.
Subjects whom the site PI deems to be otherwise ineligible.~15. Has a deep brain stimulator (DBS).
