Exclusion Criteria:~1. Use of anticonvulsant medications or excluded psychotropic medications within 3 months
prior to the baseline visit~2. Participation in a therapeutic clinical study for any medical or psychiatric
indications within 3 months (6 months for biologics) of the screening visit, or at any time during the study.~
Subjects must understand that they may only enroll in this clinical study once; they may not enroll in any
other clinical study while participating in the current study, and they may not participate in a clinical study
of a drug, biologic, therapeutic device, or medical food, in which the last dose/administration was received
within 3 months (6 months for biologics) prior to screening.~3. History of hypersensitivity or lack of
tolerability to AGB101 (levetiracetam)~4. Severe renal impairment (creatinine clearance of <30 mL/minute) or
undergoing hemodialysis~5. Any significant neurological disease other than suspected incipient AD, such as
Parkinson's disease, multi-infarct dementia, Huntington's disease, normal pressure hydrocephalus, brain tumor,
progressive supranuclear palsy, seizure disorder (lifetime history; infant febrile seizures are not
exclusionary), subdural hematoma, multiple sclerosis, or history of significant head trauma followed by
persistent neurologic deficits, or known structural brain abnormalities~6. Presence of pacemakers, aneurysm
clips, artificial heart valves, ear implants, metal fragments, or foreign objects in the eyes, skin, or body~7.
Diagnosis of major depression or bipolar disorder, as described in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of
Mental Disorders, 5th Ed (DSM-5), within the past 3 years.~ Psychotic features, agitation, or behavioral
problems within the last 3 months that could lead to difficulty complying with the protocol. Subjects must not
have a major depressive disorder or other types of depression that could confound diagnosis of MCI due to AD,
or clinical assessments, in the opinion of the investigator. The geriatric depression scale (long form score >9
suggests depression) results should be reviewed by the investigator to assist in this determination.~8.
Modified Hachinski Ischemic Scale (HIS) score >4~9. History of schizophrenia (DSM-5 criteria)~10. History of
alcohol or substance abuse or dependence within the past 3 years (DSM-5 criteria)~11. Any significant systemic
illness or unstable medical condition that could lead to difficulty in complying with the protocol
requirements.~12. Clinically significant abnormalities in B12 or thyroid function test that might interfere
with the study.~ A low B12 (below normative range for elderly) is exclusionary, unless follow-up labs
(homocysteine and methylmalonic acid) indicate that it is not physiologically significant. If the B12
deficiency is treated, subjects may become eligible to participate in the study.~13. Residence in a skilled
nursing facility. Individuals in independent living communities, assisted living facilities, residential care
facilities, or continuing care communities are eligible provided they engage in a sufficient spectrum of
activity to permit assessment of all 6 domains contributing to the CDR-SB. Individuals in these facilities must
also have a caregiver who has the ability to observe the subject during the study and can participate in
clinical evaluations.~14. Any use of excluded medications (e.g., antiepileptics, certain antidepressants or
antipsychotics, antihistamines with anticholinergic properties, opiates)~15. Participation in clinical studies
using the ISLT, Behavioral Pattern Separation (BPS-O) task, or the trail making test (A, B) within 1 month of
screening~16. Female subjects must not be pregnant, lactating, or of childbearing potential (i.e., they must be
2 years post menopause or surgically sterile)
