Exclusion Criteria:~1. During screening, MRI examination showed significant focal lesions, fulfilling one of
the following conditions:~ â‘  There were more than 2 infarcts with diameter > 2 cm at any site;~ â‘¡ MRI
examination showed that there were infarcts with arbitrary diameter in key parts (such as thalamus,
hippocampus, entorhinal cortex, paraolfactory cortex, angular gyrus, cortex and other subcortical gray matter
nuclei);~ â‘¢ Fazekas scale grade of white matter lesions > 2;~ â‘£ There are other imaging evidences that do
not support mild and moderate AD;~2. Dementia caused by other reasons: vascular dementia, central nervous
system infection, Creutzfeldt Jakob disease, Huntington's disease, Parkinson's disease, Lewy body dementia,
traumatic dementia, other physical and chemical factors (such as drug poisoning, alcoholism, carbon monoxide
poisoning, etc.), important physical diseases (such as hepatic encephalopathy, pulmonary encephalopathy, etc.),
intracranial space occupying lesions (such as subdural hematoma, brain tumor), endocrine disorders (such as
thyroid disease, parathyroid disease), and vitamin B12, folic acid deficiency or any other known cause;~3. Have
suffered from central nervous system diseases (including stroke, optic neuromyelitis, epilepsy, etc.);~4.
Subjects who were diagnosed with psychiatric disorders according to DSM-V criteria, including schizophrenia or
other mental diseases, bipolar disorder, severe depression or delirium;~5. Abnormal laboratory indexes: liver
function (ALT and AST) exceeded 1.5Ã—ULN, renal function (CR) exceeded 1.5Ã—ULN, and creatine kinase exceeded
2Ã—ULN;~6. Untreated hypertensive and hypotensive subjects at screening, or hypertensive subjects with
uncontrolled hypertension after treatment; subjects with good blood pressure control after treatment can be
determined by the investigator to be suitable for inclusion in this study;~7. Within 1 month of the screening
visit, the subject has new or ongoing unstable or serious heart, lung, liver, kidney and hematopoietic diseases
according to the judgment of the researcher, and does not meet the conditions for clinical research;~8.
Clinically, people with significant allergic reaction history, especially drug allergy history, or known
allergy to this product and its excipients;~9. Dyspepsia, esophageal reflux, gastric bleeding or peptic ulcer
disease, frequent heartburn (≥ once a week) or any surgical operation that may affect drug absorption (such as
partial / total gastrectomy, partial / total small bowel resection and cholecystectomy) within 6 months before
screening;~10. Alcohol or drug abusers;~11. Human immunodeficiency virus antibody (ant HIV) and Treponema
pallidum antibody (ant TP) are positive;~12. Those who are currently using and cannot stop using drugs for
Alzheimer's disease;~13. Screening for cholinesterase inhibitors, N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor antagonists
(NMDA antagonists), mental retardants, antiparkinsonian drugs and opioid analgesics taken within 1 month before
the visit;~14. There are uncorrectable visual and auditory disorders, and the neuropsychological test and scale
evaluation cannot be completed;~15. Female subjects with positive pregnancy test or lactation and subjects
unable to take effective contraceptive measures or have family planning;~16. Participated in other clinical
trials within 3 months before the screening visit;~17. There are other situations that the researcher believes
are not suitable to participate in this study.
