Exclusion Criteria:~1. Subjects who are on anti-amyloid therapy (i.e. vaccine or antibody) or who were
receiving anti-amyloid vaccines (i.e. aducunamab) or anti-tau vaccines less than 3 months before Screening.~2.
Women of childbearing potential (WCBP). NOTE: All females will be considered to be of childbearing potential
unless they are postmenopausal or have been sterilized surgically (i.e., bilateral tubal ligation, total
hysterectomy, or bilateral oophorectomy, all with surgery at least 1 month before dosing).~3. Any neurological
condition that may be contributing to cognitive impairment above and beyond that caused by the subject's AD.~4.
Any psychiatric diagnosis or symptoms, (e.g., hallucinations, major depression, or delusions) that could
interfere with study procedures in the subject.~5. Geriatric Depression Scale (GDS) score greater than or equal
to 8 at Screening.~6. Contraindications to MRI scanning, including cardiac pacemaker/defibrillator,
ferromagnetic metal implants (e.g., in skull and cardiac devices other than those approved as safe for use in
MRI scanners).~7. Evidence of other clinically significant lesions on brain MRI that could indicate a dementia
diagnosis other than AD.~8. Other significant pathological findings on brain MRI, including but not limited to:
more than 4 micro hemorrhages (defined as 10mm or less at the greatest diameter); a single macro hemorrhage
greater than 10mm at greatest diameter; an area of superficial siderosis; evidence of vasogenic edema; evidence
of cerebral contusion, encephalomalacia, aneurysms, vascular malformations, or infective lesions; evidence of
multiple lacunar infarcts or stroke involving a major vascular territory, severe small vessel, or white matter
disease; space occupying lesions; or brain tumors (however, lesions diagnosed as meningiomas or arachnoid cysts
and less than 1cm at their greatest diameter need not be exclusionary).~9. Patients with hypokalemia,
hypomagnesaemia, or long QT syndrome- QTc≥481 ms~10. Concomitant drugs known to prolong the QTc interval and
history of any cardiovascular disease, including myocardial infraction or cardiac failure, angina,
arrhythmia~11. Presence of cardiac conditions including:~ 1. Cardiovascular or cerebrovascular event (e.g.
myocardial infarction, unstable angina, or stroke)~ 2. Congestive heart failure~ 3. Second- or third-degree
atrioventricular block, sick sinus syndrome, or other serious cardiac rhythm disturbances~ 4. Any history of
Torsade de Pointes~12. Treatment with any of the following drugs at the time of Screening or the preceding 30
days, and/or planned use over the course of the trial:~ 1. Treatment with Class IA or III antiarrhythmic drugs
(e.g. quinidine)~ 2. Treatment with QT prolonging drugs (www.crediblemeds.org)- excluding Selective Serotonin
Reuptake Inhibitors (SSRIs) (e.g. Citalopram, Paxil, Zoloft, Cymbalta, Sertraline, etc...)~ 3. Strong CYP3A4
inhibitors (including grapefruit juice). The concomitant use of strong CYP3A4 inhibitors (e.g., ketoconazole,
itraconazole, clarithromycin, atazanavir, indinavir, nefazodone, nelfinavir, ritonavir, saquinavir,
telithromycin, voriconazole) must be avoided. Grapefruit products may also increase serum concentrations of
Nilotinib (Tasigna). Should treatment with any of these agents be required, therapy with Nilotinib BE should be
interrupted.~ 4. Anticoagulants, including Coumadin (warfarin), heparin, enoxaparin, daltiparin, xarelto,
etc.~13. St. John's Wort and the concomitant use of strong other CYP3A4 inducers (e.g., dexamethasone,
phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampin, rifabutin, rifapentine, phenobarbital) must be avoided since these agents
may reduce the concentration of Nilotinib.~14. Any immunological disease which is not adequately controlled, or
which requires treatment with immunoglobulins, systemic monoclonal antibodies (or derivatives of monoclonal
antibodies), systemic immunosuppressant's, or plasmapheresis during the study.~15. Subjects with a bleeding
disorder that is not under adequate control (including a platelet count <50,000 or international normalized
ratio \[INR\] >1.5 for subjects who are not on anticoagulant treatment, e.g., warfarin). Subjects who are on
anticoagulant therapy should have their anticoagulant status optimized and be on a stable dose for 4 weeks
before Screening.~16. Have thyroid stimulating hormone above normal range. Other tests of thyroid function with
results outside the normal range should only be exclusionary if they are considered clinically significant by
the investigator. This applies to all subjects whether or not they are taking thyroid supplements.~17.
Abnormally low serum vitamin B12 levels for the testing laboratory (if subject is taking vitamin B12
injections, level should be at or above the lower limit of normal \[LLN\] for the testing laboratory).~18.
Known to be human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) positive.~19. Any other clinically significant abnormalities in
physical examination, vital signs, laboratory tests, or ECG at Screening or Baseline which in the opinion of
the investigator require further investigation or treatment or which may interfere with study procedures or
safety.~20. Subjects with malignant neoplasms within 3 years of Screening (except for basal or squamous cell
carcinoma in situ of the skin, or localized prostate cancer in male subjects). Subjects who had malignant
neoplasms but who have had at least 3 years of documented uninterrupted remission before Screening need not be
excluded.~21. Answer yes to C-SSRS suicidal ideation Type 4 or 5, or any suicidal behavior assessment within 6
months before Screening, at Screening, or at the Baseline Visit, or has been hospitalized or treated for
suicidal behavior in the past 5 years before Screening.~22. Known or suspected history of drug or alcohol abuse
or dependence within 2 years before Screening.~23. Any other medical conditions (e.g., cardiac, respiratory,
gastrointestinal, renal disease) which are not stably and adequately controlled, or which in the opinion of the
investigator(s) could affect the subject's safety or interfere with the study assessments.~24. Subjects who are
taking prohibited medications.~25. Participation in a clinical study involving any anti-amyloid therapies
(including any monoclonal antibody therapies and any Î²-site amyloid precursor protein cleaving enzyme \[BACE\]
inhibitor therapies) unless it can be documented that the subject only received placebo.~26. Subjects who were
dosed in a clinical study involving any new chemical entities for AD within 3 months prior to Screening unless
it can be documented that the subject only received placebo.~27. Participated in any other investigational
medication or device study in the 8 weeks or 5 half-lives (whichever is longer) of the medication before
randomization unless it can be documented that the subject only received placebo.~28. Planned surgery which
requires general anesthesia that would take place during the study. Planned surgery which requires only local
anesthesia and which can be undertaken as day case without inpatient stay postoperatively need not result in
exclusion if in the opinion of the investigator this operation does not interfere with study procedures and
subject safety.~29. Severe visual or hearing impairment that would prevent the subject from performing
psychometric tests accurately.~30. Any concomitant medication or medication excluded that could put subject at
risk, or interfere with study evaluations~31. Exclusion criteria specific for the biomarker sub-study:~ *
Contraindications to LP: prior lumbosacral spine surgery, severe degenerative joint disease or deformity of the
spine, platelets < 100,000, use of Coumadin/warfarin, or history of a bleeding disorder.
