Exclusion Criteria:~1. Dementia caused by other reasons: Vascular dementia, central nervous system infection
(e.g., AIDS, syphilis), Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease, Huntington's disease, Parkinson's disease, Lewy body
dementia, brain trauma dementia, other physical and chemical factors (e.g., drug poisoning, alcohol poisoning,
carbon monoxide poisoning), important corporeal diseases (e.g., hepatic encephalopathy, pulmonary
encephalopathy), intracranial space-occupying lesions (e.g., subdural hematoma, brain tumors), endocrine system
disorders (e.g., thyroid disease, parathyroid disease ) and dementia due to vitamin deficiency or any other
known causes;~2. Previously had/currently has nervous system disorder (including Neuromyelitis optica,
Parkinson's disease, epilepsy);~3. Mental disorders confirmed according to the Diagnostic and Statistical
Manual of Mental Disorders, Fifth Edition (DSM-5), including schizophrenia or other mental illness, bipolar
disorder, major depression, or delirium;~4. Laboratory test abnormalities at screening visit and baseline:
Liver function (alanine aminotransferase \[ALT\] and aspartate aminotransferase \[AST\]) > 2-fold the upper
limit of normal (ULN); Kidney function (creatinine \[Cr\]) > 1.5-fold the ULN; Creatine kinase (CK) > 2-fold
the ULN; Patients with values that slightly exceed these ranges but are not clinically significant may be
included as assessed by the investigator;~5. Presence of any one of the following infections at the screening
visit:~(1) Positive for hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) and/or hepatitis B core antibody (HBcAb) and
positive for hepatitis B virus deoxyribonucleic acid (HBV-DNA) (exceeding the upper limit of the normal range
of the study site); (2) Positive for anti-hepatitis C virus (HCV) antibody (Ab); (3) Positive for human
immunodeficiency virus (HIV) Ab; (4) Positive for Treponema pallidum (TP) Ab;~6. Presence of other active and
poorly managed systemic bacterial, viral, fungal, or parasitic infections (except for fungal nail infection) at
the screening visit, or other clinically significant active infections that render the subject unsuitable for
study participation as assessed by the investigator;~7. Systolic blood pressure (SBP) ≥ 160 mmHg or < 90 mmHg
or diastolic blood pressure (DBP) ≥ 100 mmHg or < 60 mmHg at the screening visit and baseline; Patients with
SBP or DBP that slightly exceed this range but is not clinically significant may be included as assessed by the
investigator;~8. Prolonged corrected QTc interval (Fridericia formula, Appendix 14.1) in the 12-lead
electrocardiography (ECG) at screening visit and baseline: Fridericia corrected QT interval (QTcF) > 450 ms for
males and > 470 ms for females or other clinically significant ECG abnormalities that render the subject
unsuitable for study participation (e.g., heart rate < 50 beats/min, sinus node dysfunction, Mobitz II or
third-degree atrioventricular block);~9. Patients with unstable or severe cardiovascular, respiratory,
digestive, urinary, hematologic, or endocrine disorders within 6 months prior to the screening visit, including
pancreatitis, severe/unstable angina, myocardial infarction, symptomatic congestive heart failure,
life-threatening ventricular arrhythmia requiring maintenance therapy, pulmonary hypertension, respiratory
failure, previous hypoglycemia coma, unstable blood glucose control in diabetic patients, and stroke (including
transient ischemic attack), and are unsuitable for study participation as assessed by the investigator;~10.
Presence of gastrointestinal disorder that, as assessed by the investigator, can impact drug absorption or
metabolism within 6 months prior to the screening visit;~11. Underwent major surgery within 6 months prior to
the screening visit that renders the patient unsuitable for enrollment or planning to undergo major surgery
during the study;~12. Suffered from a malignant tumor within 3 years prior to the screening visit (excluding
resected basal cell carcinoma or cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma , and/or resected carcinoma in situ);~13.
Received other traditional Chinese or Western nootropic medications/treatments within 4 weeks prior to
baseline;~14. Use of strong CYP3A4 inhibitor or strong CYP3A4 inducer within 4 weeks or 5 half-lives (whichever
is longer) prior to baseline;~15. Received other investigational drugs within 4 weeks prior to baseline;~16.
Received vaccines within 4 weeks prior to baseline;~17. Alcohol abuse or drug abuse within 1 year prior to the
screening visit;~18. History of severe allergy, non-allergic drug reaction or multiple drug allergy, or known
history of allergy to 50561 tablet and its excipients;~19. Lacks adequate premorbid literacy, adequate vision,
or adequate hearing to complete the required psychometric tests;~20. Breastfeeding women;~21. Other conditions
that render the subject unsuitable for study participation as assessed by the investigator.
