Exclusion Criteria:~* Any significant neurologic disease other than suspected incipient Alzheimer's disease,
such as Parkinson's disease, multi-infarct dementia, Huntington's disease, normal pressure hydrocephalus, brain
tumor, progressive supranuclear palsy, seizure disorder, subdural hematoma, multiple sclerosis, or history of
significant head trauma followed by persistent neurologic defaults or known structural brain abnormalities.~*
Major depression or another major psychiatric disorder as described in DSM IV within the past 2 years.~*
Psychotic features, agitation or behavioral problems within the last 3 months which could lead to difficulty
complying with the protocol.~* History of alcohol or substance abuse or dependence within the past 2 years (DSM
IV criteria).~* History of schizophrenia (DSM IV criteria).~* Any significant systemic illness or unstable
medical condition which could lead to difficulty complying with the protocol including: a) History of systemic
cancer within the last 5 years (non-metastatic skin cancers are acceptable). b) History of myocardial
infarction within the past year or unstable or severe cardiovascular disease including angina or CHF with
symptoms at rest. c) Clinically significant obstructive pulmonary disease or asthma. d) Clinically significant
and unstable gastrointestinal disorder such as ulcer disease or a history of active or occult gastrointestinal
bleeding within two years. e) Clinically significant laboratory test abnormalities on the battery of screening
tests (hematology, prothrombin time, chemistry, urinalysis, ECG). f) Insulin-requiring diabetes or uncontrolled
diabetes mellitus. g) Uncontrolled hypertension (systolic BP greater than 170 or diastolic greater than 100).
h) History of clinically significant liver disease, coagulopathy, or vitamin K deficiency within the past 2
years.~* Medications a) Use of centrally active beta-blockers, narcotics, methyldopa and clonidine within 4
weeks prior to screening. b) Use of anti-Parkinsonian medications (e.g. Sinemet, amantadine, bromocriptine,
pergolide and selegiline) within 2 months prior to screening. c) Use of neuroleptics or narcotic analgesics
within 4 weeks prior to screening. d) Use of long-acting benzodiazepines or barbituates within 4 weeks prior to
screening. e) Use of short-acting anxiolytics or sedative hypnotics more frequently than 2 times per week
within 4 weeks prior to screening (note: sedative agents should not be used within 72 hours of screening).~ f)
Initiation or change in dose of an antidepressant lacking significant cholinergic side effects within the 4
weeks prior to screening (use of stable doses of antidepressants for at least 4 weeks prior to screening is
acceptable). g) Use of systemic corticosteroids within 3 months prior to screening. h) Medications with
significant cholinergic or anticholinergic side effects (e.g. pyridostigmine, tricyclic antidepressants,
meclizine, and oxybutynin) within 4 weeks prior to screening. i) Use of anti-convulsants (e.g. Phenytoin,
Phenobarbital, Carbamazepine) within 2 months prior to screening. j) Use of warfarin (Coumadin) within 4 weeks
prior to screening.~* Vitamin Supplements a) Use of vitamin supplements other than standard multivitamin
included as part of the treatment intervention used in this protocol within 2 weeks prior to screening.~* Any
prior use of any FDA approved medications for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease (e.g. tacrine, donepezil, or
other newly approved medications).~* Use of any investigational drugs within 30 days or 5 half-lives, whichever
is longer, prior to screening.~* Subjects who, in the investigator's opinion, will not comply with study
procedures.
