Exclusion Criteria~An individual who meets any of the following criteria will be excluded from participation in
this clinical trial:~1. Unwilling or incapable to consent to the study~2. Unstable medical or any concomitant
major medical or neurological illness, including presence of a relative or absolute contraindication to
psilocybin, i.e. a drug allergy, recent stroke history, uncontrolled hypertension, low or labile blood
pressure, recent myocardial infarction, cardiac arrhythmic, severe coronary artery disease, or moderate to
severe renal or hepatic impairment.~3. History of head trauma resulting in loss of consciousness > 30 minutes
that required medical attention.~4. DSM-5 diagnosis, with active symptoms in the last three months, of major
depression; lifetime diagnosis of bipolar disorder; intellectual disability; Alzheimer's Disease; or a
psychotic disorder~5. DSM-5 substance dependence (except caffeine) within 12 months of entering the study~6.
Anticonvulsant, antidepressant, antipsychotic, mood stabilizer, opioid, or benzodiazepine use~7. Lifetime use
of serotonergic psychedelic drugs~8. Positive urine drug screen at the screening visit~9. Having taken a
cognitive enhancer (acetylcholinesterase inhibitor or memantine) within the past 6 weeks~10. Acute suicidal or
homicidal ideation~11. Receiving treatment with medications such as levetiracetam that blocks SV2a binding,
and/or inability to discontinue the following medications before study drug dosing: inhibitors of uridine
5'-diphospho-glucuronosyltransferase (UGT)1A9 and (UGT)1A10, and ALDH inhibitors and alcohol dehydrogenase
(ADH) inhibitors.~12. Exceeding allowed annual radiation exposure levels (20 mSv), as outlined by our PET
Centre guidelines~13. Disorders of coagulation or taking anticoagulant medication~14. Having completed multiple
PET scans in the past, such that participation in this study would cause participant to exceed lifetime limit
(8 PET scans)~15. Metal implants or pacemaker precluding an MRI scan or other contraindications to MRI (e.g.,
claustrophobia)~16. Female with childbearing potential\*, pregnancy (as confirmed by a negative pregnancy test)
or breastfeeding~17. Active gender affirming hormonal treatment~18. Any first-degree relative with a diagnosis
of schizophrenia-spectrum disorder; psychotic disorder (unless substance-induced or due to a medical
condition); or bipolar I or II disorder as determined by the family medical history form and discussions with
the participant.~19. Allergies to hydroxypropyl methylcellulose \*A woman/female or person who is not of
childbearing potential is considered to be postmenopausal after at least 12 months without menstruation.
Postmenopausal is defined as 12 consecutive months with no menses without an alternative medical cause.
Females/people of childbearing potential are those who have experienced menarche and do not meet the criteria
for women not of childbearing potential.
