Exclusion Criteria:~1. Have participated in a previous clinical study of SAGE-718, have participated in a
previous gene therapy study, or have received study treatment in any other drug, biologic, or device trial
within 30 days or 5 half-lives (whichever is longer), unless the participant participated solely in the placebo
arm of the study. Additionally, participants who have received treatment with antisense oligonucleotides (ASO)
will be excluded~2. Have a condition that precludes undergoing an MRI, in accordance with standard operating
procedures at the imaging facility (eg, ferromagnetic metal in the body, claustrophobia), in a participant
requiring MRI during Screening~3. Have any medical or neurological condition (other than AD) that might be
contributing to the participant's cognitive impairment or history of cognitive decline~4. Have a history,
presence, and/or current evidence of~ 1. Brain surgery, deep brain stimulation, or any history of
hospitalization due to a brain injury~ 2. Possible or probable cerebral amyloid angiopathy, according to the
Boston Criteria~ 3. Treatment with an anti-amyloid therapy (including biologics) without subsequent MRI
demonstrating the absence of amyloid-related imaging abnormalities~ 4. Seizures or epilepsy, with the exception
of childhood febrile seizures~5. Participants has a history of suicidal behavior within 2 years or answers YES
to Questions 3, 4, or 5 on the Columbia-Suicide Severity Rating Scale (C-SSRS) at Screening or at Day 1 or is
currently at risk of suicide in the opinion of the investigator~6. Have any of the following medical
conditions:~ 1. Any clinically significant finding on 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) during Screening in the
opinion of the investigator~ 2. Any clinically significant supine vital signs (heart rate, systolic and
diastolic blood pressure) during Screening (note: vital sign measurements may be repeated once)~7. Have a
history, presence, and/or current evidence of serologic positive results for human immunodeficiency virus
(HIV)-1 or HIV-2, or hepatitis B or C~8. Have a positive pregnancy test, or be lactating, or intend to
breastfeed during the study~9. Is known to be allergic to any of SAGE-718 excipients, including soy lecithin
