Exclusion Criteria:~1. Any other significant neurologic disease including Parkinson's disease, multi- infarct
dementia, Huntington's disease, normal pressure hydrocephalus, brain tumor, progressive supranuclear palsy,
seizure disorder, subdural hematoma, multiple sclerosis, or history of significant head trauma followed by
persistent neurologic deficits or known structural brain abnormalities.~2. Major depression, bipolar disorder
as described in DSM-V within the past 1 year or psychotic features, agitation, or behavioral problems within 3
months, which could lead to difficulty complying with the protocol.~3. History of schizophrenia (DSM V
criteria).~4. History of alcohol or substance abuse or dependence within the past 2 years (DSM V criteria).~5.
Clinically significant or unstable medical condition, including uncontrolled hypertension, uncontrolled
diabetes, or significant cardiac, pulmonary, renal, hepatic (Class C defined by Child-Pugh criteria),
endocrine, or other systemic disease in the opinion of the Investigator, may either put the participant at risk
because of participation in the study, or influence the results, or the participant's ability to participate in
the study.~6. Has had a history within the last 5 years of a primary or recurrent malignant disease with the
exception of non-melanoma skin cancers, resected cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma in situ, basal cell
carcinoma, cervical carcinoma in situ, or in situ prostate cancer with normal prostate-specific antigen
post-treatment.~7. Clinically significant abnormalities in B12 or TFTs that might interfere with the study. A
low B12 is exclusionary, unless the required follow-up labs (homocysteine (HC) and methylmalonic acid (MMA)
indicate that it is not physiologically significant.~8. Clinically significant abnormalities in screening
laboratories or ECG.~9. Residence in a skilled nursing facility.~10. Use of any excluded medication as
described in Section 6.10, including:~ * Use centrally acting anti-cholinergic drugs.~ * Use of any
investigational drugs within 4 weeks or 5 half-lives, whichever is longer, prior to screening.~11. A current
blood clotting or bleeding disorder, or significantly abnormal PT or PTT at screening.~12. Contraindications
for MRI studies, including claustrophobia, the presence of metal(ferromagnetic) implants, or cardiac
pacemaker.~13. Participants whom the Site PI deems to be otherwise ineligible.
