Exclusion Criteria:~1. Patients on treatment for diabetes mellitus~2. Any contraindications to the use of
liraglutide as per the Summary of Product Characteristics (hepatic impairment, renal impairment with CKD stage
4 and above (eGFR <30 ml/min/1.73m2), inflammatory bowel disease). Patients with eGFR less than 45
ml/min/1.73m2 will have the renal function monitored very closely~3. Significant neurological disease other
than AD that may affect cognition~4. MRI/CT showing unambiguous aetiological evidence of cerebrovascular
disease with regard to their dementia or vascular dementia fulfilling NINCDS-AIREN criteria~5. Current presence
of a clinically significant major psychiatric disorder (e.g., Major Depressive Disorder) according to the
criteria of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition (DSM-IV)~6. Current
clinically significant systemic illness that is likely to result in deterioration of the patient's condition or
affect the patient's safety during the study~7. History of epilepsy, where seizures or treatment could have
contributed to cognitive impairment~8. Treatment with immunosuppressive medications (e.g. systemic
corticosteroids) within the last 90 days (topical and nasal corticosteroids and inhaled corticosteroids for
asthma are permitted) or chemotherapeutic agents for malignancy within the last 3 years~9. Myocardial
infarction within the last 1 year~10. History of cancer within the last 5 years, except localised skin
cancer~11. Other clinically significant abnormality on physical, neurological or laboratory examination that
could compromise the study or be detrimental to the patient~12. History of alcohol or drug dependence or abuse
within the last 2 years~13. Current use of anticonvulsant, anti-Parkinson's, anticoagulant (excluding the use
of aspirin 325 mg/day or less) or narcotic medications. Subjects on anticoagulants will be allowed, but will
not have an arterial line inserted~14. Use of experimental medications for AD or any other investigational
medication or device within 60 days. Patients who have been involved in a monoclonal antibody study are
excluded unless it is known that they were receiving placebo in that trial~15. Women of childbearing potential.
Women who could become pregnant will be required to use adequate contraception throughout the trial~16.
Patients with a personal or family history of medullary thyroid carcinoma (MTC) and patients with multiple
endocrine neoplasia type 2 (MEN2)~17. Any contraindications to MRI scanning
