Exclusion Criteria:~Exclusion Criteria to be checked at Screening Visit:~1. CSF cut-off values identified
during routine Neurochemical Dementia Diagnostics~2. History or evidence of other significant neurological
disease of the Central Nervous System (such as Parkinson's disease, multi-infarct dementia, fronto-temporal
dementia, Huntington's disease, normal pressure hydrocephalus, brain tumor, progressive supra nuclear palsy,
epilepsy, myasthenia gravis, subdural hematoma or multiple sclerosis)~3. History of significant head trauma
followed by persistent neurologic defaults or known structural brain abnormalities~4. Significant neuroimaging
abnormalities, previously known or discovered on the MRI scan, including evidence of infection, infarction (> 3
mm in size), brain tumors (other than small meningiomas), or other focal lesions, multiple lacunas or lacunas
in a critical memory structure or severe confluent microvascular disease (but not mild white matter changes,
which are frequent with aging)~5. History or evidence of moderate congestive heart failure defined by the New
York Heart Association criteria (class I-IV)~6. Clinical relevant ECG findings, abnormalities, e.g.
pro-arrhythmic potential/effects on QT interval (QTc >450 msec for males, >470 msec for females, confirmed by
manual assessment of ECG parameters)~7. History of new cardiovascular event within the last 6 months~8. Resting
sitting vital signs: Systolic blood pressure ≤ 100 mmHg or ≥ 165 mmHg, Diastolic blood pressure ≤ 60 mmHg or ≥
100 mmHg, heart rate ≤ 50 beats/min or ≥ 90 beats/min9. Clinically significant renal disease or insufficiency,
including but not limited to creatinine value of >1.5 mg/dl~9. Alanine Aminotransferase (ALT), Aspartate
Aminotransferase (AST), total bilirubin, or alkaline phosphatase >2.5 times the upper limit of normal
laboratory range, or history of severe hepatobiliary disease (e.g. hepatitis B or C, or cirrhosis) without
enzyme elevation~10. Positive tested for hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAG) or hepatitis C virus/antibodies
(anti-HCV) for the first time within the last 6 months prior to the Screening Visit~11. Positive tested for
human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) at Screening Visit~12. Fasting triglycerides >2.5 times of the upper limit
of normal~13. Uncontrolled diabetes (FBG > 150 mg/dl)~14. Coagulopathy or any kind of anti-coagulant
therapy~15. Extrapyramidal syndrome~16. Elevation of prolactin, e.g. subject with prolactin-dependent breast
cancer or pituitary tumor~17. History of severe psychiatric disease like psychotic disorder or current
anxiolytic or neuroleptic therapy (for dementia-related or other psychiatric disorder) within the last 3 months
of enrolment~18. Chronic depression or bipolar disorder or history of major depression within the past 2 years
or history of any episode of treatment-resistant depression (requiring > 1 antidepressants, Electroconvulsive
Therapy (ECT) etc.)~19. Significant history of alcohol abuse or drug abuse within the past 6 months (at the
judgment of the investigator)~20. Current treatment with TEP or treatment up to 24 month prior to screening~21.
Known incompatibility of TEP or phenothiazines~22. Subject is receiving the following treatment that may
interact with TEP, e.g. adrenaline, tricyclic antidepressants, narcotics, bromocriptine, MAO (monoamine
oxidase) inhibitors, CYP2D6 inhibitors, tramadol, pentetrazol, levodopa, anticonvulsants, medication causing
extrapyramidal symptoms increases the likelihood of central nervous system side effects~23. Participation in a
clinical trial involving another investigational drug within 4 weeks prior to screening visit~24. Women of
child bearing potential or women who are pregnant or nursing~25. Male subjects with reproductive potential who
refuse to use adequate means of contraception during and up to 3 months after stopping treatment with TEP
