Exclusion Criteria:~1. Any neurological condition that may be contributing to cognitive impairment above and
beyond that caused by the participant's AD~2. History of transient ischemic attacks, stroke, or seizures within
12 months of Screening~3. Any psychiatric diagnosis or symptoms (example, hallucinations, major depression, or
delusions) that could interfere with study procedures in the participants. Psychotic disorder(s) or unstable
recurrent affective disorder(s) evident by use of antipsychotics within 2 years before Screening~4.
Contraindications to MRI scanning, including cardiac pacemaker/defibrillator, ferromagnetic metal implants
(example, in skull and cardiac devices other than those approved as safe for use in MRI scanners). Evidence of
other clinically significant lesions on brain MRI at Screening that could indicate a dementia diagnosis other
than AD. Other significant pathological findings on brain MRI at Screening, including but not limited to:
greater than 4 microhemorrhages (defined as 10 millimeter (mm) or less at the greatest diameter); a single
intracerebral hemorrhage greater than 10 mm at greatest diameter; an area of superficial siderosis; evidence of
vasogenic edema; evidence of cerebral contusion, encephalomalacia, aneurysms, vascular malformations, or
infective lesions; evidence of multiple lacunar infarcts or stroke involving a major vascular territory, severe
small vessel, or white matter disease; space occupying lesions; or brain tumors (however, lesions diagnosed as
meningiomas or arachnoid cysts and less than 1 cm at their greatest diameter need not be exclusionary). Other
minor or clinically insignificant magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) abnormalities, as agreed by the medical
monitor and after discussion with the investigator, may not be exclusionary~5. Malignant neoplasms within 3
years of Screening (except for basal or squamous cell carcinoma in situ of the skin, or localized prostate
cancer in male participants, or localized breast cancer in female participants). Participants who had malignant
neoplasms but who have had at least 3 years of documented uninterrupted remission before Screening need not be
excluded~6. A clinically significant ECG abnormality, including a marked prolonged corrected QT interval
(Fridericia's Correction Formula; QTcF) interval (example, a repeated demonstration of a QTcF interval greater
than (>) 450 milliseconds \[ms\])~7. Participants with a bleeding disorder that is not under adequate control
(including a platelet count <50,000 or international normalized ratio \[INR\] >1.5). Any participants who are
on anticoagulant therapy are not permitted to be enrolled~8. Have thyroid-stimulating hormone above normal
range. Other tests of thyroid function with results outside the normal range should only be exclusionary if
they are considered clinically significant by the investigator. This applies to all participants whether or not
they are taking thyroid supplements~9. Abnormally low serum vitamin B12 levels for the testing laboratory (if
participant is taking vitamin B12 injections, level should be at or above the lower limit of normal for the
testing laboratory). Levels of vitamin B12 may be confirmed with reflex testing to include methylmalonic acid
analysis, if available in region~10. Any suicidal ideation with intent with or without a plan at Screening,
Baseline, or within 6 months of Screening (that is, answering Yes to questions 4 or 5 on the Suicidal Ideation
section of the Columbia-Suicide Severity Rating Scale \[C-SSRS\]) Type 4 or 5, or any suicidal behavior
assessment within 6 months before Screening, at Screening, or at the Baseline Visit, or has been hospitalized
or treated for suicidal behavior in the past 5 years before Screening)~11. Evidence of clinically significant
disease (example, cardiac, respiratory, gastrointestinal, and renal disease) that in the opinion of the
investigator(s) could affect the participants safety or interfere with the study assessments. Any other medical
conditions (example, cardiac, respiratory, gastrointestinal, and renal disease) that are not stably and
adequately controlled or that in the opinion of the investigator(s) could affect the participant's safety or
interfere with the study assessments~12. Hypersensitivity to lecanemab, E2814, or any of the excipients~13. Any
immunological disease, that is not adequately controlled, or that requires treatment with immunoglobulins,
systemic monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) (or derivatives of mAbs), systemic immunosuppressants, or plasmapheresis
during the study~14. Any history of or concomitant medical condition that in the opinion of the investigator(s)
would compromise the participant's ability to safely complete the study~15. Planned surgery that requires
general, spinal, or epidural anesthesia that would take place during the study. Planned surgery that requires
only local anesthesia and that can be undertaken as a day case without inpatient stay postoperatively need not
result in exclusion if in the opinion of the investigator this operation does not interfere with study
procedures and participant safety~16. Known to be human immunodeficiency virus positive~17. Known or suspected
history of drug or alcohol abuse or dependence within 2 years before Screening or a positive urine drug test at
Screening. Participants who test positive for benzodiazepines or opioids in urine drug testing need not be
excluded if in the clinical opinion of the investigator, this is due to the participant taking
prior/concomitant medications containing benzodiazepines or opioids for a medical condition and not due to drug
abuse~18. Severe visual or hearing impairment that would prevent the participant from performing psychometric
tests accurately
