Exclusion Criteria:~1. Dementia due to any condition other than AD, including vascular dementia (Rosen-Modified
Hachinski Ischemic score ≥ 5)~2. Evidence of significant central nervous system (CNS) vascular disease on
previous neuroimaging including but not limited to: cortical stroke, multiple infarcts, localized single
infarcts in the thalamus, angular gyrus, multiple lacunar infarcts or extensive white matter injury~3.
Clinically significant neurologic disease or condition other than AD, such as cerebral tumor, chronic subdural
fluid collections, Huntington's Disease, Parkinson's Disease, normal pressure hydrocephalus, or any other
diagnosis that could interfere with assessment of safety and efficacy~4. Evidence of clinically significant
unstable cardiovascular, pulmonary, renal, hepatic, gastrointestinal, neurologic, or metabolic disease within
the 6 months prior to enrollment. . If there is a history of cancer the subject should be clear of cancer for
at least 2 years prior to screening. More recent history of basal cell or squamous cell carcinoma and melanoma
in situ (Stage 0) may be acceptable after review by the Medical Monitor.~5. Creatinine clearance (CL) of
<45ml/min~6. Poorly controlled diabetes, at the discretion of the Principal Investigator~7. Concomitant
treatment with NMDA receptor antagonists such as but not limited to memantine or drug combinations containing
memantine, dextromethorphan (a cough suppressant), ketamine, phencyclidine (PCP), methoxetamine (MXE), nitrous
oxide (N2O) and the following synthetic opioids: penthidine, levorphanol, methadone, dextropropoxyphene,
tramadol, and ketobemidone.~8. Use of vitamin E > 400 International Units (IU) per day within 14 days prior to
screening~9. Use of valproic acid within 14 days prior to screening~10. Use of an active Alzheimer's vaccine
within 2 years prior to screening~11. Use of a monoclonal antibody for treatment of AD within 1 year prior to
screening~12. Any medical or psychiatric condition that is likely to require initiation of additional
medication or surgical intervention during the course of the study~13. Any screening laboratory values outside
the reference ranges that are deemed clinically significant by the PI~14. Use of an investigational drug within
30 days prior to screening~15. Suicidality defined as active suicidal thoughts during the 6 months prior to
screening or at Baseline \[Type 4 or 5 on C-SSRS\], or history of suicide attempt in previous 2 years, or at
serious suicide risk in PI's judgment~16. Major psychiatric illness such as current major depression according
to Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 5th Edition , current or past diagnosis of bipolar
disorder, schizophrenia, or any other psychiatric disorder that might interfere with the assessments of safety
or efficacy at the discretion of the PI~17. Diagnosis of alcohol or drug abuse within the last 2 years~18.
Abnormal laboratory tests that suggest an alternate etiology for dementia. If the patient has prior history of
serum B12 abnormality, anemia with hemoglobin ≤10g /dl, thyroid function abnormality, electrolyte abnormality,
or positive syphilis serology the patient should be revaluated to determine if these potential causes of
dementia have been addressed. Only if these causes have been ruled out as the cause of the dementia can the
patient be enrolled.~19. History of prolonged QT or prolonged QT on screening ECG (QTcB or QTcF >499 per
central reader)~20. Acute or poorly controlled medical illness: blood pressure > 180 mmHg systolic or 100 mmHg
diastolic; myocardial infarction within 6 months; uncompensated congestive heart failure \[New York Heart
Association (NYHA) Class III or IV\]~21. Known to be seropositive for human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)~22.
Known to be seropositive for Hepatitis B or C, unless successful curative treatment for Hepatitis C (e.g.,
Harvoni) has been received and there is documentation that there is no Hep B/C virus detected 3 months after
completion of treatment~23. AST or ALT >3x upper limit of normal (ULN) and total bilirubin >2x ULN or
International Normalized Ratio (INR) >1.5~24. Prior exposure to bryostatin, or known sensitivity to bryostatin
or any ingredient in the study drug~25. Any other concurrent medical condition, which in the opinion of the PI
makes the subject unsuitable for the clinical study
