Exclusion Criteria:~1. Brain MRI examination showed significant focal lesions, moderate-to-severe white matter
lesions, and key parts lacunar infarction such as the thalamus, hippocampus, entorhinal cortex, cortical and
subcortical gray matter nuclei;~2. Other type of dementia except AD;~3. Suffered from nervous system diseases
(including stroke, optic myelopathy, Parkinson's disease, epilepsy, etc);~4. Psychotic patients, according to
the DSM-5 criteria, include schizophrenia or other psychiatry disorders, bipolar disorder, major depression
disorder, or delirium;~5. Abnormal laboratory test results: HBsAg and HBeAg and/or HbcAb positive and active
stage of hepatitis B, liver function (ALT, AST) more than 1.2 times of the upper limit of the normal range, Cr
exceeds the upper limit of normal, white blood cell count less than 4 x 109/L or platelet less than 100 x
109/L, hemoglobin less than 100g/L, blood glucose concentration of diabetic subjects (random) is more than
13.9mmol/L;~6. Systolic pressure was more than 160mmHg or less than 90mmHg, diastolic blood pressure was more
than 100mmHg or less than 60mmHg;~7. With unstable or serious heart, lung, liver, kidney and hematopoietic
system diseases (including unstable angina, myocardial infarction, uncontrolled asthma, gastric cancer, et al),
or resting heart rate after 10 minutes of rest was less than 60 BPM, or QTc (QTc B (Bazett's correction value)
or QTc F (Fridericia's correction value)) was equal or greater than 450msec, or with bundle branch block, the
QTc B or QTc F was equal or greater than 480msec, or the researchers estimate there were abnormal EKG results
which cannot be randomized to the study;~8. There was uncorrected of visual and auditory disturbances, and
neuropsychological tests and scale assessments cannot be completed by the subject;~9. Subject was currently
using Alzheimer's disease drugs and cannot be terminate the treatment;~10. Subjects that cannot take the test
drug according to the prescription should be excluded;~11. Alcohol abuse or drug abuse;~12. Pregnant or
lactating women;~13. Participated in other clinical pharmacological tests within 30 days before screening
visit;~14. The researchers believe that the subject was impossible to complete the study;~15. Participants were
employees of the study and immediate family members, employees of CRO company or sponsor and their immediate
family members.
