Exclusion Criteria:~Subjects who meet any of the following criteria will be excluded from participating in the
study:~1. Prior immunotherapies and specifically therapies that may elicit T cell or antibody responses to AÎ²,
whether investigational or approved by the FDA, for AD or other conditions.~2. Central nervous system-related
exclusions:~ 1. Delirium, non-AD dementia or cognitive impairment, or other encephalopathies.~ 2. Subjects with
major psychiatric disorder such as schizophrenia, bipolar disorder or major depressive disorder, or has current
alcohol or substance abuse based on psychiatric consultation at Screening visit.~ 3. Neuropsychiatric Inventory
(NPI-Q) total score ≥14 or score ≥4 in any NPI domain (clinically significant neuropsychiatric symptoms).
Apathy score ≥4 acceptable.~ 4. At risk for suicide in the opinion of the investigator or the subject answers
yes to Suicidal Ideation Item 4 or 5 on the Columbia-Suicide Severity Rating Scale (C-SSRS) (at the time of
evaluation) at the screening visit or attempted suicide within the last 2 years.~ 5. Modified Hachinski Scale10
score >4 or evidence of stroke within the past 5 years.~ 6. Neuroimaging exclusions by history or entry
criteria: Arteriovenous malformation, brain mass, suggestive changes of cerebral amyloid angiopathy (CAA),
aneurysms, or other changes that increase risk of hemorrhage, multiple cerebral macrohemorrhages, or other
cerebrovascular complications as deemed by the Principal Investigator and/or the Safety Adjudication Committee
that might account for cognitive symptoms.~ 7. MRI-related exclusion criteria: >4 lacunar infract, Grade III
white matter hyperintensities (Fazekas scale), intracranial mass, evidence of normal pressure hydrocephalus or
other anatomical findings that might affect safety or causes of cognitive impairments, and any
contraindications for MRI scanning, including implanted metallic devices (eg, non MRI safe cardiac pacemaker or
neurostimulator; some artificial joints; metal pins; surgical clips; or other implanted metal parts), or
claustrophobia or discomfort in confined spaces.~ 8. History of moderate or more severe traumatic brain injury
in the 2 years prior to signing the consent to participate in the study.~ 9. History of brain tumor, subdural
hematoma, or other clinically significant (in the judgment of the investigator) space-occupying lesion on MRI.~
10. History of seizure disorder.~ 11. Contraindications for PET scanning or any protocol testing procedure.~3.
Systemic related exclusions:~ 1. Known autoimmune disease (properly treated hypothyroidism and stable
rheumatoid arthritis allowed), biomarkers exceeding 1:80 for antinuclear antibodies, 20 IU/mL (or 1:80) for
rheumatic factor, 26 AU/mL for antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibodies; or history of allergic reaction to any
related product of infused cells.~ 2. Current malignancy, with the exception of non-invasive (stage 0 or stage
1) basal and squamous cell carcinoma with planned excision. Subjects with a prior successfully treated
malignancy and a sufficient follow-up to exclude the likelihood of recurrence may be enrolled at the discretion
of the Principal Investigator.~ 3. History of or current HIV, HBV, or HCV (unless subjects who test positive
for hepatitis C antibody are in remission with sustained virologic response, as evidenced by undetectable HCV
RNA level using a sensitive assay ≥12 weeks after completion of HCV therapy).~ 4. Elevated C-reactive protein
(>5.0 mg/L) using a high sensitivity test.~ 5. Fever, signs or symptoms of active illness or infection, or a
diagnosed infectious disease.~ 6. Immunizations within 4 weeks of the leukapheresis or investigational
treatment (ALZN002 or placebo) administrations.~ 7. Recent (past 8 weeks) donation of blood or loss of blood
(>400 cc).~ 8. Insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus~4. The following medications are excluded with the noted
exceptions:~ 1. Initiation of cholinesterase inhibitors, memantine HCl, or other drugs for the treatment of
cognitive loss within 60 days of Screening, unless the dose is stable for >60 days prior to Screening and is
expected to remain stable throughout the study participation~ 2. Administration of diphenhydramine and/or
acetaminophen are prohibited pre- and/or post-infusion except if, in the opinion of the Investigator on a
case-by-case basis in response to individual subject infusion reaction adverse event(s), these drugs are judged
to be appropriate for immediate treatment of adverse experiences and/or prophylactically prior to subsequent
doses. Also, if adjudicated by the Sponsor's Expert Panel and Safety Adjudication Committee as appropriate,
conditions of routine use of these drugs can be deployed during the study~ 3. Treatment with
coumarins/indandiones, factor Xa inhibitors, heparins, direct thrombin inhibitors, and aspirin, except low-dose
(81 mg) aspirin for cardio-protection~ 4. Benzodiazepines are permitted as a sleep aid only if taken at a
stable dose for at least 60 days prior to Screening and the subject intends to continue to maintain the same
regimen~5. Initiation of medications that could cause or worsen cognitive impairment (ie, anticholinergic
medications, tricyclic antidepressants, antipsychotic medications, and anticonvulsant medications).~6.
Initiation of systemic corticosteroid exposure or any other immunotherapies, regardless of indication, within 3
weeks prior to or after investigational treatment (ALZN002 or placebo) administrations, and immunizations
within 4 weeks of the leukapheresis procedure or investigational treatment administrations.~7. Clinical
laboratory exclusions:~ 1. Alanine aminotransferase (ALT) or aspartate aminotransferase (AST) >2 x upper limit
of normal (ULN)~ 2. Total bilirubin >1.5 x ULN unless Gilbert's syndrome~ 3. Estimated glomerular filtration
rate (eGFR) <45 mL/min/1.73 m2 (CKD-EPI 2022 formula)~ 4. HbA1c >6.5%~ 5. Hemoglobin <11.0 for males and <9.5
for females, use of red blood cell related medications/treatments (erythropoietin) within 2 years, history of
or current bone marrow disease or myelodysplastic syndromes.~ 6. Thyroid stimulating hormone >1.5 x ULN or <0.8
x lower limit of normal (LLN)~8. Electrocardiogram findings of ischemia or infarct, complete bundle branch
blocks, symptomatic arrhythmias or predominantly non-sinus-conducted rhythm, QTcF >460 msec males or >480 msec
females~9. Positive urine drug screen for controlled substances, including tetrahydrocannabinol or controlled
substance(s) for which the subject does not have a valid prescription. Subjects taking non tetrahydrocannabinol
(THC) containing cannabidiol products will not be excluded unless the urine drug screen is positive for
THC.~10. Subjects with a history (within 2 years of screening) of alcohol abuse that, in the opinion of the
Principal Investigator, may impact compliance. Inability to abstain from alcohol consumption during their stay
in the hospital/clinic. A positive blood alcohol test at screening is also exclusionary.~11. Any other medical,
psychiatric, or social condition that, in the opinion of the investigator, is likely to unfavorably alter the
risk-benefit of subject participation, to interfere with protocol compliance, or to confound safety or efficacy
assessments.
