Exclusion Criteria:~1. Any significant neurologic or medical disorders other than AD, which might be the cause
of the existing cognitive deficit, such as: other neurodegenerative disease, Hydrocephalus including NPH,
seizures, Huntington's disease, Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, multiple sclerosis, systemic lupus
erythematosus, progressive supranuclear palsy, neurosyphilis, HIV, learning disability, intellectual
disability, hypoxic cerebral damage, relevant neoplasm, toxic exposure, or any significant medical conditions
that, in the opinion of the PI would endanger the health and wellbeing of the participant.~2. Stroke or
Transient Ischemic Attack (TIA) within 6 months of screening visit.~3. History of severe head trauma with
documented loss of consciousness or with radiological findings associated with the injury, leading to other
neurological deficits.~4. Any contraindication to conduct lumber puncture.~5. Major depressive disorder
according to DSM-V criteria requiring hospitalization within the previous 90 days before screening.~6. Suicidal
ideation and behavior assessed by C-SSRS.~7. Serum B12 clinically significantly below the lower limit of normal
at screening~8. Patients with history or current evidence of clinical significant peripheral neuropathy. The
severity of the peripheral neuropathy will be determined by the investigator.~9. Patients who take
tizanidine~10. Patients with history or current clinically significant of psychiatric disorders (e.g., anxiety,
depression, delirium) occurring within the last two years, which required the subject to be hospitalized.~11.
Patients with known history of myasthenia gravis or myasthenic syndrome~12. No psychotropics can be started
during the trial except for short acting hypnotics for sleep and or low potency neuroleptics for agitation.~13.
If the patient is taking antipsychotic, antidepressant, antianxiety or any other psychotropic before enrollment
to the study there was no dose change 30 days before enrollment.~14. A past history of adverse
reaction/hypersensitivity to either NSAIDs, celecoxib or fluoroquinolones, ciprofloxacin and / or to the
non-active components of PrimeC: Microcrystalline cellulose Avicel, Povidone K-30, Sodium lauryl sulphate,
Hydroxy propyl methyl cellulose, Microcrystalline cellulose, Colloidal Silicon Dioxide, Magnesium Stearate, and
Opadry Blue.~15. Any known clinically significant abnormal gastric mucosal erosion, ulcer or tumor or/and GI
disorder and/or bariatric surgery~16. Known history of clinically significant impairment of renal function
(eGFR < 60)~17. Known or suspected symptomatic congestive heart and/or coronary heart disease, previous history
of myocardial infarction, CABG, uncontrolled arterial hypertension, or rhythm abnormalities requiring permanent
treatment~18. Known history of QT/QTc prolongation, Torsade de pointes (TdP) (e.g. heart failure, hypokalemia,
family history of Long QT syndrome) and the use of concomitant medications that prolong the QT/QTc
interval.~19. Patients with known aortic aneurysms and heart valve regurgitation/incompetence.~20. Known or
suspected diagnosis or family history of epilepsy in first degree relatives.~21. Known predisposition to
tendinitis.~22. Known Impaired hepatic function.~23. Known or suspected to be a poor CYP2C9 metabolizer who
also uses pharmacologic agents (prescription or over-the-counter) or herbal products known or suspected to
induce or inhibit CYP2C9 within 30 days before enrollment.~24. Presence at screening of any medically
significant cardiac, pulmonary, musculoskeletal, or psychiatric illness that might interfere with the subject's
ability to comply with study procedures or that might confound the interpretation of clinical safety data,
including, but not limited to:~ 1. Mean systolic blood pressure >160 mm Hg and/or mean diastolic blood pressure
>100 mm Hg (measurements taken after a few minutes rest) that persist on 3 successive measurements taken at
least 2 minutes apart~ 2. NYHA Class II or greater congestive heart failure~ 3. Chronic obstructive pulmonary
disease or asthma requiring daily use of bronchodilator medications~ 4. Uncontrolled diabetes mellitus~25.
Subject who is treated with chronic aspirin or NSAIDs and is at risk if stopped. Clopidogrel is allowed and can
replace Aspirin.~26. Any contraindication for ciprofloxacin and celecoxib according to the current prescribing
information.~27. Any impairment or social circumstance that, in the opinion of the Investigator, would render
the subject not suitable to participate in the study.~28. Subject, or subject's legal guardian(s) is/are unable
to understand the nature, scope, and possible consequences of the study.~29. Subject is participating in (or
plans to participate in) any other investigational drug trial or plans to be exposed to any other
investigational agent, device and/or procedure, from 30 days prior to Screening through study completion.
