Exclusion Criteria:~1. Substantial concomitant cerebrovascular disease defined as Fazekas Grade 3.~2. History
of a stroke/intracranial hemorrhage temporally related to the onset of worsening of cognitive impairment in the
opinion of the investigator.~3. Any substance use disorder that has not been in remission for at least 12
months~4. Medical history of cancer (except for basal cell carcinoma) and/or treatment for cancer within the
last 5 years.~5. Uncontrolled cardiovascular illnesses such as chronic congestive heart failure (with or
without oedema), tachycardia, arrhythmias, uncontrolled hypertension.~6. History of cerebrovascular accident or
transient ischemic attack (TIA), or unexplainable loss of consciousness within the last year.~7. Significant
pulmonary disease predisposing to hypoxia.~8. Significant ischemic heart disease, myocardial infarction within
the last two years and/or with residual angina, orthopnea, conduction defects (ECG), or any other clinically
significant heart disease classified as NYHA III or IV.~9. Significant liver disease (for example cirrhosis,
active hepatitis B and C, primary or metastatic liver neoplasm).~10. Indication of liver disease, defined by
serum levels of either ALT (SGPT), AST (SGOT), or alkaline phosphatase above 3 x upper limit of normal (ULN) as
determined during screening.~11. Significant gastrointestinal disorders (for example gastrointestinal bleeding
within the last two years, malabsorption syndromes, post-gastrectomy, or active peptic ulcer disease).~12.
Immunological disorder such as per investigator judgement clinically significant allergies, Lupus
erythematodes, or scleroderma.~13. Uncontrolled/Unstable hematological disease (regardless of cause) such as
refractory anemia or refractory myelosuppression.~14. Neurological disease (such as: Lewy body dementia -
primary diagnosis, Huntington's disease, Parkinson's Disease, encephalitis, epilepsy, vascular or multi-infarct
dementia, stroke, congenital mental deficiency, multiple sclerosis) and psychiatric disorders (such as
schizophrenia, or intellectual disability), or any other disorders impacting cognitive function.~15.
Unstable/uncontrolled major depression or anxiety within the last 12 months.~16. History of seizures in the
past three years.~17. Uncontrolled endocrine disease such as uncontrolled diabetes mellitus or manifest
hyperthyroidism, in the opinion of the investigator.~18. Severe renal impairment defined as a GFR < 30
mL/min/1.73 m2 in the screening lab report~19. Infection with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), hepatitis B,
hepatitis C, or any other infection or active systemic disease.~20. Currently being treated with anticoagulants
(except aspirin at or below a prophylactic dose).~21. Participants who are taking medications for AD, like
memantine or acetylcholinesterase inhibitors (AChEI) that exceeds the normal recommended dose range or have not
achieved a stable dose for the 30 days prior to enrollment.~22. Any contraindication for performing a brain MRI
and/or Amyloid PET scan.~23. Any participant whose safety the investigator considers to be at risk from this
trial's intervention.~24. Participants with any medically unstable/uncontrolled conditions.~25. Any suicidal
behavior in the past 2 years (i.e. actual attempt, interrupted attempt, aborted attempt, or preparatory acts or
behavior).~26. Any suicidal ideation of type 4 or 5 in the C-SSRS in the past 3 months (i.e. active suicidal
thought with intent but without specific plan, or active suicidal thought with plan and intent).
