EXCLUSION CRITERIA~1. Subjects who have any significant, untreated psychiatric illness or any CNS condition
(such as schizophrenia, Parkinson's disease, stroke, etc.) that could interfere with the study evaluations or
procedures or which poses an additional risk.~2. Evidence of a clinically relevant or unstable psychiatric
disorder, excluding major depression in remission~3. History of significant head trauma followed by persistent
neurologic defaults or known structural brain abnormalities.~4. Have had a stroke or Transient Ischemic Attack
(TIA) or unexplained loss of consciousness in the past 1 year~5. History of seizures or epilepsy within the
last 5 years~6. History of hepatitis or liver disease that has been active within the 6 months prior
toScreening~7. History of malignancy occurring within the 5 years before Screening, except for adequately
treated basal cell or squamous cell skin cancer, in situ cervical cancer, or localized prostate carcinoma~8.
Clinically significant vitamin B12 or folate deficiency in the 6 months before Screening~9. History of unstable
angina, myocardial infarction, chronic heart failure or clinically significant conduction abnormalities within
1 year prior to Screening Visit~10. History of alcohol or substance abuse or dependence within the past
year.~11. Has human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) by medical history~12. Acute infective sinusitis.~13. History
or presence of an abnormality of the external or internal structures of the nose or nasopharynx, except for
surgical correction of the nasal septum or a broken nose at least 2 years previously, or surgical repair of
cleft palate when <30 years of age.~14. Use of medications that are known to cause frank obtundation of
cognition~15. History of or current significant systemic disease judged to interfere with the study evaluations
or likely to be a safety concern.~16. Untreated sleep apnea or treatment for sleep apnea for <3 months.~17.
Clinically significant systemic illness or serious infection within 30 days prior to or during the screening
period~18. Use of allowed medications for chronic conditions at doses that have not been stable for at least 4
weeks prior to Screening, or use of AD medications at doses that have not been stable for at least 8 weeks
prior to Screening~19. Abnormal clinical laboratory test results, specifically: Alanine transaminase (ALT) or
aspartate transaminase (AST) >2 Ñ… the upper limit of normal (ULN),Hematology <80% the lower limit of normal,
Creatinine ≥2 mg/dL and ,Other clinical laboratory values or vital signs considered clinically significant in
the opinion of the Investigator.~20. Treatment with any investigational drug, biologic, or device within the
previous 30 days prior to screening.~21. Surgery involving general anesthesia within the past 3 months or
planned surgery requiring general anesthesia during the study period.~22. Contraindications to study
procedures~23. Use of any medications that, in the opinion of the Investigator, may contribute to cognitive
impairment, put the participants at higher risk for adverse events (AEs), or impair the participant's ability
to perform cognitive testing or complete study procedures.
